Brainstorming and planning:

1. Based on the lines given, the location of the scene seems to be at Moeka's place, where Okabe has just wrestled Moeka to the ground and taken her phone. The characters present are Okabe, Moeka, and Kurisu, who is not physically there but is in contact with Okabe through a phone call.

2. Okabe and Moeka have a hostile relationship due to her allegiance to an opposing force, which has led to a physical confrontation. Kurisu, on the other hand, is an ally and friend of Okabe who is helping him in his mission.

3. Okabe is determined and desperate to change the past and save his friend Mayuri. Moeka is in pain and desperate to get her phone back, and Kurisu is likely worried and anxious on the other end of the call, trying to assist Okabe as best as she can.

4. Okabe has been trying to change the past by sending messages to it, in order to prevent a tragic event from happening. In this particular scene, he's attempting to send a message using Moeka's phone to undo some changes she made. The term "D-Mail" refers to the messages sent to the past.

5. Okabe's goal in the scene is to successfully send the D-Mail and change the past, while Moeka's is seemingly to get her phone back. Kurisu's goal is to assist Okabe in sending the D-Mail.

6. The overall mood of the scene appears to be tense and desperate.

Special terms: D-Mail - a message sent to the past to change it.

Scenario:
In the confined space of Moeka's apartment, Okabe, a determined man on a mission, wrestles her to the ground and snatches her phone amidst her protests. His relationship with Moeka is strained and hostile due to her allegiance to a force that opposes him. On the other end of a phone call, his ally Kurisu anxiously waits to assist him. Okabe is attempting to send a message to the past, a 'D-Mail', using Moeka's phone, aiming to undo some changes she made previously. He's desperate to change a tragic event in his past and save a dear friend, while Moeka desperately tries to reclaim her phone. The atmosphere is thick with tension, desperation, and the high stakes of their mission.