Rintaro: Who the hell am I!? Someone who knows you for a fraud, that’s who! You stole your theory from John Titor! And you call yourself an inventor!?
Nakabachi: S-someone throw this man out!
Rintaro: You’re the one we should throw out, Doctor! Have you no shame!? You have no right to call yourself an inventor!
Nakabachi: Shut your mouth, you little pest!
UNSPOKEN: Just then, someone grabs my arm from behind. Quite convinced it’s an official here to throw me out, I turn around to glare him down.
Rintaro: Unhand me, you... huh?
UNSPOKEN: It’s a girl about my age. Her intense stare seems to challenge me. I take a step back. Her face looks somehow familiar. Where have I seen her before?
Rintaro: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: We haven’t met, but I know her face. It’s Makise Kurisu. A few days ago, my friend Daru showed me a magazine article titled Girl Genius Gives Lecture in Akihabara. The article was about a 17-year-old girl who had just graduated from an American university. Her thesis was even published in a major scientific journal. Girl Genius, Makise Kurisu. I recognize the stubborn-looking girl from her photograph. She’s even wearing the exact same scowl. What business could such a genius have with me? She takes a quick look around the room, then turns back to me with a stern expression.
Kurisu: Could you come with me for a moment?
UNSPOKEN: What’s with the attitude? She’s obviously not staff, and there’s no way that the Makise Kurisu would be working with someone like Doctor Nakabachi. Which means... no!
Rintaro: Y-you’re with the Organization!?
Kurisu: Huh?
Rintaro: If their tendrils have gotten this far, then I’ve made a grave mistake.
Kurisu: Stop fooling around and come with me.
UNSPOKEN: My outburst has already attracted too much attention. Nakabachi, in particular, looks like he wants to rip my head off. It must be mortifying to be exposed as a fraud by a bright young man like myself. Anyway, I mustn’t draw any more attention to myself. If the Organization gets wind of my presence here, it could endanger Mayuri -- to say nothing of these ignorant civilians. I let Makise Kurisu lead me out of the assembly hall.
Rintaro: Try anything and people are sure to notice. What will your superiors say then?
Kurisu: What are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me. Quite fiercely at that. Attractive though she may be, there is no innocence in her eyes. A beautiful agent, unmatched in cruelty. My heart beats in exhilaration from the danger. Looks like chaos really does get my blood pumping. Heh heh heh.
Kurisu: I just need to ask you something.
Rintaro: What makes you think I’ll answer? I know how the Organization operates.
Kurisu: What’s with this ’Organization’ stuff?
UNSPOKEN: Instead of answering, I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It’s me. I’ve been caught by an Organization agent. ...Yes, it’s Makise Kurisu. She’s a dangerous one. ...No, it’s fine. I’ll find a way to--
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly snatches the phone from my hand. What skill! I didn’t have time to react.
Rintaro: What are you doing!?
Kurisu: Huh? Your phone’s off. ...Who were you talking to?
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes pierce deep into my soul. I quickly look away. She’s good. Is she trying to attack my sense of identity in order to cause a mental break? Recover. This isn’t enough to sway me!
Rintaro: Y-your techniques don’t work on me, but I’ll tell you anyway. That’s no ordinary phone. It’s designed to deactivate the moment it leaves my hand. Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Such measures are necessary to maintain secrecy. I know things that could get me killed. I quickly retrieve my phone and wipe the cold sweat off my forehead. Whew, that was close.
Kurisu: ...So you talk to yourself.
Rintaro: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: This is bad. Ordinary methods don’t work on Makise Kurisu, the genius girl. On the contrary, she’s the one psyching me out! Damn. Looks like I’ll have to make a tactical retreat. If I can just find an opening! Suddenly, Kurisu steps up to me with a serious expression. She stares right at me, her huge eyes blazing with strength of will. Such fire. I can’t look away. Could someone with such pure eyes really be an Organization agent?
Kurisu: What were you trying to tell me earlier?
UNSPOKEN: Earlier?
Rintaro: What are you talking about?
Kurisu: About fifteen minutes ago. Before the conference started.
UNSPOKEN: Nonsense. This is the first time we’ve met. I was with Mayuri and that Upa toy fifteen minutes ago.
Kurisu: You were trying to tell me something, right? You looked really upset.
UNSPOKEN: Is this a trap? It does seem like one of the Organization’s dirty tricks. But would this girl do something that underhanded?
Kurisu: You looked like you were going to start crying any second. Why? Have we met before?
UNSPOKEN: She seems sincere. That makes her even more suspicious. That’s right, don’t let her beauty fool you! She’s a cold, calculating secret agent. If I show the slightest vulnerability, I’m done for!
Kurisu: And how do you know my name?
Rintaro: My knowledge has no limits.
UNSPOKEN: I am a mad scientist, after all.
Rintaro: Genius girl, our next meeting shall be as enemies!
Kurisu: Huh?