UNSPOKEN: A chime signals our arrival on the 5th floor. The elevator doors open slowly. As we step out of the elevator--
???: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: I bump into someone. I quickly grab the person’s shoulder to keep them from falling.
???: I’m sorry!
Rintaro: Wha...!?
UNSPOKEN: It’s a girl. And I recognize her.
Rintaro: You... you...!
UNSPOKEN: Impossible. Chills run down my spine. I stare at her face in disbelief. I saw this girl just three hours ago. Makise Kurisu!
Kurisu: Is there something wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns and tries to back away. But I don’t let go of her shoulder. My grip tightens.
Kurisu: O-ow!
Rintaro: Y-you... You should be dead! Why are you here!? And you’re even...
UNSPOKEN: There isn’t a single bloodstain on her clothes, and they’re the same ones she was wearing when I found her. Only a serious wound could have produced that much blood. Yet as far as I can tell, she’s completely uninjured.
Rintaro: Not a scratch...
Kurisu: Hey, that hurts! Let me go!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pushes me away. Then she shoots me a wary glare. I realize that I’m gaping in disbelief.
Kurisu: What’s wrong with you?
Rintaro: You’re okay? But that’s impossible! Someone stabbed you! I saw you lying in a pool of blood!
Itaru: That again?
UNSPOKEN: Daru interrupts. Wait. There’s something strange about what he just said.
Rintaro: What do you mean, ’again’?
Itaru: I mean, you sent me that email like a week ago, right?
Rintaro: I sent you an email? Don’t be ridiculous! I saw her dead just three hours ago!
Kurisu: Hey! Could you not talk about me like that? I’m perfectly fine.
Itaru: You know, that message was kinda weird. It was dated a week after I got it, which means it came from the future.
Kurisu: It came from the future?
Rintaro: That sounds like something you’d read on the internet, Daru. It’s rare for you to talk about ridiculous theories.
Itaru: No, the date was definitely a week later. It came from, uh... the 28th. Wait. That’s today!
UNSPOKEN: Daru pulls out his phone and shows it to me. He’s right. The email was sent from my phone. He received it on July 21st at 12:56. But it was sent on July 28th at 12:54. It was split into three mails. Someone stab bed Makise K urisu. Don’t Why did I send such a short message in three parts? And it looks like the third email got cut off. I do recognize the content, though.
Rintaro: This is the email I sent you three hours ago.
UNSPOKEN: But I sent one mail. Not three. And there should be more text. Did Daru really get this a week ago?
Kurisu: Interesting...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu is standing next to me, peering intently at the screen of Daru’s phone. Oh, right! The email’s not important! Well, maybe it is, but not right now! The real question is why she’s still alive! Is she an illusion!? No, an evil spirit!? Am I haunted!? I don’t believe in such unscientific drivel! I am a mad scientist! I timidly reach out to Kurisu’s face... My fingertips stroke her hair. Feels silky. Quite the cuticles.
Rintaro: Substance. She has substance. Of course she’s not a ghost. How silly of me.
Itaru: O-Okarin, I don’t think that’s a good idea...
UNSPOKEN: I poke Kurisu’s cheeks with my fingers. Such softness. Dead bodies don’t feel like this. Not that I’ve ever touched one.
Kurisu: ...Hey.
UNSPOKEN: Wait a minute, we already touched when I bumped into her coming out of the elevator. I even grabbed her shoulders before being pushed away. And I still doubted that she had substance? That’s just proof of how confused I am. If she’s alive, then what did I see back at Radi-Kan? What was that scream I heard? Were they hallucinations, just like that mass disappearance? That’s right, she was stabbed! Maybe she’s just hiding her wounds. This requires further investigation. I grab the hem of her blouse and slowly lift it--
Kurisu: Are you trying to get yourself arrested?
Rintaro: I just want to know the truth.
UNSPOKEN: I stare straight back at Kurisu as she trembles with anger, and lift her blouse a little higher...
Kurisu: What truth, you perv!? You stupid!? Wanna die!?
UNSPOKEN: She pushes my hand away.
Itaru: Louise-chan’s famous line for the win!
UNSPOKEN: Daru shouts something silly, but I ignore him and press Kurisu.
Rintaro: I know what I saw!
Kurisu: No way! Did you just see my underw...!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s face turns bright red. She firmly pulls her blouse down.
Rintaro: No, you fool! Not that!
UNSPOKEN: Earlier this afternoon, after Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation, someone killed Makise Kurisu and left her in a pool of blood. I carefully explain everything that I saw.
Kurisu: Wait. Doctor Nakabachi?
Itaru: What are you talking about, Okarin? Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation was canceled.
Rintaro: Canceled!?
Itaru: Yeah. Because of the satellite crash.
UNSPOKEN: Something’s wrong. Our stories aren’t matching. It’s the same thing that happened right after I saw the mass disappearance. Mayuri’s story didn’t match mine. I need to know. Am I caught in some sinister plot? Is this another Organization conspiracy?
Kurisu: Excuse me, um...
Rintaro: My name... is Hououin Kyouma!
Itaru: Really, man? You’re hopeless...
Kurisu: Okay, Hououin-san. I’d like to hear your story in more detail.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she finally understands I’m not lying. But I still don’t understand why my memories don’t match everyone else’s. I doubt that I can give her a good explanation. Just then, an older man steps out of the assembly hall.
Professor: Makise-san? It’s almost time.
Kurisu: Huh? Oh, right. Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at me one more time, then sighs and heads towards the small conference room.
Itaru: We should go too.
Rintaro: Go where?
Itaru: To hear the lecture, duh?
UNSPOKEN: Ahh, that. Daru follows after Kurisu. Did she come to attend the lecture too? Strange. Why would the girl genius, Makise Kurisu, need to attend a lecture like this? Okay. My guess was a bit off. The girl genius didn’t come to attend the lecture.
Kurisu: Um, I’d like to thank everyone for coming to hear me speak today.