UNSPOKEN: Japan’s famous girl genius, Makise Kurisu, who had her thesis published at the tender age of 17. According to Daru, she turned 18 a few days ago. I first heard about her when Daru pointed her out in a gossip magazine article. That’s when he told me that she was going to be a guest at ATF. I’d forgotten all about it.
Kurisu: It’s my first time giving a lecture like this, so please forgive me if I’m a little nervous.
UNSPOKEN: The audience is pretty mixed. It’s mostly students like us, but there are also a couple of professors. And... Kurisu just gave me a sharp look. What did I do? When I return her stare, she quickly averts her eyes. Hmph, I don’t care if she’s a genius or whatever. I still don’t like her. She may have these people fooled with her timid girl act, but I learned at Radi-Kan how cunning and aggressive she really is. Even if her murder was some kind of hallucination, my judgment of her character is still correct.
Kurisu: For today’s lecture, I’ve been asked to speak on the subject of time travel. It’s not really my area of expertise, but I’ll try my best.
Rintaro: Time travel? Oh-ho...
Kurisu: Let me start by saying that time travel is an absurd concept.
Rintaro: OBJECTION!
Kurisu: Hwa...!?
UNSPOKEN: Every member of the audience, not just Kurisu, is startled by my interruption. Perhaps I’m being slightly rude here, but I’m not one to just sit and listen to some genius girl’s drivel!
Rintaro: It’s presumptuous for you to claim that time travel is absurd!
Itaru: Okarin, you magnificent fool!
UNSPOKEN: Sitting at my side, Daru throws me a small salute. ATF staff are approaching, probably to kick me out. Perhaps I got too carried away.
Kurisu: Um... okay. It’s fine, I guess. It’ll be easier to talk in a discussion format.
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to her proposal, the event staff refrain from escorting me out. She sounds a little pissed, but let’s not mind that.
Kurisu: But before that, please listen to my thoughts on the subject. Scientists have proposed many theoretical models of time travel, but there are eleven in particular that bear mentioning.
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... what are the major theories of time travel? I have heard about the cosmic string theory, at least.
Kurisu: Neutron Star Theory. Black Hole Theory. Lightspeed Theory. Tachyon Theory. Wormhole Theory. Exotic Matter Theory. Cosmic String Theory. Quantum Gravity Theory. Cesium Laser Theory. Elementary Particle Ring & Laser Theory. Dirac Antiparticle Theory.
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... not bad. Perhaps Makise Kurisu is a worthy rival after all.
Kurisu: However, all of these models are purely theoretical. Some of them even contradict each other.
Rintaro: Well, what if someone comes up with a 12th model?
Kurisu: Hm? Ahh, uhh, right, well... It could be contradicted by the 13th model, now couldn’t it?
UNSPOKEN: Damn! She twisted my question and used it against me! Touche, genius girl. Suddenly, I feel eyes on me. Some puffed-up professors are giving me hard looks from across the room. Maybe I got too carried away. I don’t want to risk losing my credits. I should back off for now.
Kurisu: By the way, time travel to the future is available to us right now, according to Einstein’s special theory of relativity. For example, let’s say someone were to go to Haneda Airport and board a plane headed to Okinawa. Upon arrival, that person would be about one hundred millionth of a second farther into the future than I am.
UNSPOKEN: What does that mean?
Kurisu: According to the special theory of relativity, time moves slower for objects as they approach the speed of light. For example, if you could run at near the speed of light, you could reach a point where time only moves half as fast for you. If you were to keep running at that speed for 24 hours, 48 hours would elapse in the rest of the world, meaning you would ’jump’ one day into the future. Understand, Hououin Kyouma?
Rintaro: Gah!
UNSPOKEN: Why are you singling me out? I’m doing my best to hold back, but it looks like Makise Kurisu wants to pick a fight. I wish that she hadn’t said that name in front of so many people. It’s too great a risk to let others know my true name.
Professor: But that’s not really time travel, is it?
UNSPOKEN: Now a professor calmly makes an objection. True, Makise Kurisu’s example isn’t strictly time travel, per se. But I never expected an older man -- a professor at that -- to refute an 18-year-old girl. Maybe he’s just testing the genius girl’s resilience.
Kurisu: Yes, you’re right.
UNSPOKEN: The genius girl readily concedes the point. If she were a normal 18-year-old, it would be impossible for her to be this calm in front of all these people. A normal 18-year-old would panic when refuted by such a distinguished-looking professor. And yet, Makise Kurisu’s giving off an aura of gutsiness that says, I can take this guy on!
Professor: Then what about going to the past?
Kurisu: Going to the past is possible right now. Take a look at the sky at night. You can see light from tens of thousands of years ago, can’t you?
Student: That’s not time travel either!
UNSPOKEN: This time, it’s a nearby student who objects.
Kurisu: Well, I was just getting started.
UNSPOKEN: Was it just me, or did Kurisu look a little nervous just now?
Kurisu: Let’s say we wanted to make a machine that could physically transport people through time. What would we need? The best candidates for this are cosmic strings and wormholes. A cosmic string is a string-shaped ’crevice’ with extreme mass.
UNSPOKEN: A string-shaped crevice? That must be how they enter our universe. But do cosmic strings really exist?
Kurisu: The crevice is about as wide as an elementary particle, and at least as long as the diameter of a galaxy. It has immense mass, so it distorts space-time. If you were to travel through that distortion, you could make a full circle around the string in less than 360 degrees. In short, you can do something resembling a warp. This is called a space-time angular deficit. When you pass through an area of angular deficit, transit time becomes zero. Now we apply this to a cosmic string moving at near-light speed. According to the special theory of relativity, time will flow slower for the cosmic string in relation to its surroundings. Therefore, passing through the area of angular deficit would cause the transit time to become negative instead of zero. In other words, you will arrive in the past after transit. If you use two cosmic strings, you can do a space deficit jump. If you loop back to your original location, you can return to the same time you started revolving. And that, roughly speaking, is time travel by means of cosmic strings. By the way, just so nobody misunderstands, cosmic strings are not the same as superstrings. Now then, you need three things in order to travel to the past with cosmic strings. First. The cosmic strings themselves. Two strings, to be exact. By the way, they are hypothesized to exist only where the universe was first formed, so they might be a little hard to find. Second. You would need the energy required to make them move them at near-light speed. How much energy do you think you’d need to accelerate something as long as the Milky Way to near the speed of light? I’m pretty sure it’s a little more than 1. 21 jigowatts.