UNSPOKEN: Daru starts shaking as if he’s been electrocuted. What? What’s wrong?
Itaru: Eat... a perv’s banana... squishy... finger in mouth... ’Gross!’ with a sour expression...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like his cranial pervert processor is overclocking.
Itaru: Um, can you say that one more time? With a more humiliated expression, if you please.
Kurisu: Huh?
Itaru: Come on. Say, ’Who would eat some perv’s banana?’ but if you could add an, ’Ahh, but it’s so...’ after that, it would be extra delicious!
Kurisu: Huh? ...huh? ...Ah!!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu’s face turns bright red.
Rintaro: Muhaha! Oh, Daru. You may be a worthless, disgusting perv, but let me say, well done, sir!
UNSPOKEN: Payback is sweet! Now to follow up for maximum combo! Let’s show this conceited little girl how true adults fight!
Rintaro: So, Makise Kurisu. You just imagined something, didn’t you? By all means, tell us what. Don’t be shy. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Why you...
Rintaro: Come on! Say it, genius girl! What’s the imagination of a genius like? I’d love to hear from you!
Kurisu: You... ass!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns her back to us with perked shoulders. Looks like she’s capable of expressing human emotion after all. That rules out robotic killing machine. Ah! I feel refreshed. I haven’t felt this good in years. Way to go, Daru. That’s my right-hand man! Always gets the job done.
Kurisu: I get it. You’re both pervs.
Itaru: Well... you could say that.
UNSPOKEN: Don’t admit it, you idiot.
Rintaro: I don’t want to hear that from you.
Kurisu: Okay! If I came off as a little rude, I apologize.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply and turns back to us. Her composure has already returned.
Kurisu: I was only acting that way because you molested me, but I’ll ignore that for now.
UNSPOKEN: I wish she would stop saying for now. It’s like she’s gonna call the cops on me later.
Kurisu: Please tell me what happened to this banana. I’d also like to hear about that...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: That microwave thing.
Rintaro: That’s top secret. The one thing I’m cleared to share with unauthorized individuals is that its name is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Name subject to change? What’s that about?
Rintaro: PhoneWave is weak. It needs a better name.
Kurisu: I couldn’t care less about its name.
Rintaro: I’m afraid that’s the only information you’re cleared for.
Itaru: Hold on, Okarin. Makise-shi might be able to explain what’s going on.
Rintaro: Hmm... well...
UNSPOKEN: She is a genius. She would have to be to defeat my sharp wit. We can trust her intellect, at least. But it’s hard to stomach her attitude. Plus, she has danger written on her face. Not to mention, she’s a little scary too. Then, I get a great idea.
Kurisu: That creepy grin... are you thinking perverted thoughts again?
Rintaro: You said your name’s Christina, right?
Kurisu: Who the hell’s Christina!? I never said that!
UNSPOKEN: ‘Christina’ sounds like the name of a Hollywood film star. It definitely has more flavor than her real name.
Rintaro: If you wish to learn the secrets of this microwave, then you must meet my conditions.
Kurisu: ...Which are?
Rintaro: Condition One: You must become a lab mem.
Kurisu: Ramen?
Rintaro: No! Lab mem, stupid! Short for laboratory member!
Kurisu: You mean you want me to join your research team? I’m supposed to return to America in August.
Rintaro: I’ll have you sign a non-disclosure agreement so you won’t betray our secrets. Break the agreement, and I’ll report your steamy, perverted acts to Science Magazine.
Kurisu: Gh...
Itaru: You’re a monster, Okarin. I’ll take five copies.
Rintaro: From the moment you become a lab mem to the moment of your departure, your brain shall be used for the benefit of our lab.
Kurisu: You’re so full of it. Let’s see the contract, then.
Rintaro: What contract? This is a lab, not a corporation!
Kurisu: I don’t mind lending you my knowledge, but if there is more pervy nonsense involved, the answer is NO.
Rintaro: Don’t worry, we don’t bite.
Kurisu: No more molestation?
Rintaro: No, alright!?
Kurisu: You said that was condition one. So there’s gotta be a second one, right? It better not be--
Rintaro: The second condition is... That you’ll overlook all past acts of molestation I may or may not have committed!
Itaru: Okarin, you’re so petty! You’re the pettiest person I’ve ever met! That’s why we love you! That’s why we admire you!
Rintaro: Shut up, Daru. You have no right to talk. By the way, Daru’s perverted acts aren’t included. You two can work it out yourselves.
Itaru: What the hell, man!
Rintaro: Those are the conditions! If you can’t accept them, then you must leave at once! Heh heh heh. So what’ll it be? I don’t think it’s a bad deal at all.
Kurisu: You mean for you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts her fingers to her brow and shakes her head in an exaggerated gesture.
Kurisu: Geez... I feel like I’m hypersecreting noradrenaline. Let me pick my jaw up off the floor.
Rintaro: I don’t care about your dislocated jaw! Do you accept the conditions or not? Answer me, Christina!
Kurisu: Stop adding -tina! My name’s Kurisu!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at the ceiling to calm herself down. Does everyone in America make such exaggerated gestures? Sooner or later, she’ll say Dayumn! or Oh mah gah! or Muthafucka!.
Kurisu: ...Okay. I accept.
Rintaro: Hehehe, good answer. From this moment forth, you are Lab Mem Number 004. Welcome, Christina -- codename, The Zombie!
Kurisu: I won’t answer to either. Use my real name, Hououin.
UNSPOKEN: We spend a minute staring each other down. Kurisu’s the first to look away. She does so in a way that says good grief.
Kurisu: You’re such a child.
Rintaro: You say something? Genius perv girl?
Kurisu: Come on! No more saying ’perv’! I won’t treat you like a perv either! So let’s drop it already!