Rintaro: Give Kurisu-kun an explanation on our experiments so far.
Itaru: But I refuse.
UNSPOKEN: In the end, I’m the one who has to explain. Along the way, I also relate the tale of my heroic deeds -- which enrages Kurisu, of course -- but I finally tell her everything about the bananas and the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Kurisu doesn’t ask any questions. She’s quick to understand, as expected of a genius.
Kurisu: Fascinating.
Rintaro: Let’s hear your opinion.
Kurisu: I think we can at least throw out completely worthless theories like electromagnetic weaponry and teleportation.
UNSPOKEN: The lady doth protest too much.
Kurisu: Can we run the experiment one more time? I want to see it for myself.
UNSPOKEN: Without waiting for our approval, Kurisu plucks an untouched banana and sticks it in the microwave, then starts entering the commands on her phone. It’s strange. She’s still wearing her usual frown, but I can’t shake the feeling that she’s really enjoying herself. I can’t put my finger on why. Call it a hunch. But I mean, she is a scientist. Why shouldn’t she enjoy experimenting?
Kurisu: Okabe-san, Hashida-san, please watch the bananas.
Rintaro: Who are you to give me orders? I am the mad scientist, Houou--
Kurisu: Whatever. Just keep your eye on the bananas!
UNSPOKEN: Okay, so she’s a little snippy. Daru and I do as we’re told and stare at the bananas. Truth be told, we were planning to watch the bananas anyway. After missing it the first time, we’re determined to witness what transpired with our own eyes.
Kurisu: Sixty seconds have passed. Any change?
Itaru: Nope.
UNSPOKEN: Any second now, the gelified banana should reappear on the stem. If it only happens once, we can just call it an accident and be done with it. But if it happens twice, then that’s proof that something’s actually going on.  And then, Kurisu will have to admit that I, the great Hououin Kyouma, have invented humanity’s first teleporter! I keep staring at the bananas in anticipation.
Kurisu: 100 seconds.
UNSPOKEN: A few moments after Kurisu’s report--
Itaru: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: A gelbana suddenly appears without a sound. Now there are two of them on the bunch. It happened faster than the blink of an eye.
Itaru: It appeared!
UNSPOKEN: I’m at a loss for words. I just witnessed the unthinkable. This phenomenon is clearly teleportation. The microwave timer chimes. Kurisu peeks into the microwave, stumped.
Rintaro: How does it look?
Kurisu: Huh? Oh... uh... A-at 104 seconds, it d-disappeared. Abruptly. Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: She’s quite flustered. I don’t think many people could remain calm after witnessing such a phenomenon.
Rintaro: So it is a teleporter! The first in human history!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly calms down. She furrows her brow and crosses her arms, tapping her right foot as she mutters to herself.
Kurisu: Teleportation... is that even possible? It did move... No matter how unbelievable that may be... Could it be quantum teleportation... no, that only occurs on the quantum level...
Rintaro: Don’t avert your eyes from the truth! What you’ve seen with your own eyes is everything!
UNSPOKEN: She gives me a sharp look. Her eyes are like a sniper’s, hard and keen.
Kurisu: Did it really teleport? It’s dangerous to reason from the conclusion.
Rintaro: Well then, genius girl, what do you call this phenomenon?
Kurisu: Let’s sort this out. Neither the banana bunch nor the frozen chicken teleported. Correct?
Rintaro: ...So, maybe there’s a size limit for objects that can teleport.
Kurisu: But aren’t those chicken pieces smaller than bananas?
Rintaro: We used the same chicken for each experiment. They come in 12-packs.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri only buys her favorite: Juicy Chicken Number One.
Itaru: That’s quite a lot, then.
Kurisu: What about salt? You experimented with salt too, right?
UNSPOKEN: We used a handful of table salt on a plate for one experiment. Nothing happened.
Kurisu: Maybe the plate was in the way.
Rintaro: Of course we tried it without the plate, but that didn’t change anything.
Kurisu: Then, maybe each individual grain of salt was too small... or something? Hmm... I need a clue...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like our genius girl’s fighting a hard battle. She starts pacing the room, looking a little annoyed.
Kurisu: Anything else? Have you noticed anything else about the PhoneWave?
Rintaro: Not PhoneWave. PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Forget about that. So? Have you noticed anything or not?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s looking at Daru. Looks like she’s asking him, not me. True, he should know more about the PhoneWave (name subject to change) than I do. He’s done all the maintenance on it, after all.
Itaru: Oh, right! One time, it shot off a huge electrical discharge.
Rintaro: What!? I don’t know anything about that!
Itaru: That’s because you weren’t around when it happened.
Kurisu: Discharge? How much?
Itaru: It was like a fluorescent light lit up the development room. It lasted about two seconds, I guess.
Kurisu: What were the circumstances?
Itaru: I was adjusting the cellphone attached to it. I unhooked it and put my own in. A little bit later, sparky sparky.
Rintaro: When was that?
Itaru: Around noon yesterday. When you went to see Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation.
Kurisu: Doctor Nakabachi...
UNSPOKEN: That’s right. I went to see Doctor Nakabachi’s conference yesterday. Come to think of it, he stole his time travel theory from John Titor. Maybe the current John Titor is actually Nakabachi.
Rintaro: But wait, Daru. Didn’t you say that Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation was cancelled?
Itaru: Yeah, but you went with Mayu-shi anyway, remember?
UNSPOKEN: ...No, I don’t remember that. After all, Nakabachi’s presentation wasn’t canceled, the way I remember it. I still don’t understand why my memories seem to disagree with everyone else’s.
Rintaro: That reminds me. I sent you an email back then. Did you get it?
Itaru: An email?
Kurisu: That email you showed me at ATF yesterday?
UNSPOKEN: When I nod, Kurisu comes closer.
Kurisu: It said someone stabbed me at the presentation, didn’t it?