UNSPOKEN: Once she notices Kurisu, Mayuri bows her head with her usual smile.
Mayuri: I’m Mayushii. Nice to meet you!
Kurisu: I’m Makise. Apparently, I’m a lab mem now.
Mayuri: Really? That’s great! Another girl lab mem!
Rintaro: Daru, what were you doing with the X68000?
Itaru: Like I said, I was adjusting the incoming mail settings. I was monitoring the moment it received mail for remote control. That’s why I put it on ’freezing mode’ for 120 seconds too. I made it so that you can start freezing mode by computer. I tested that out yesterday too.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Insert the Juicy Chicken Number One into the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!
Mayuri: You all want some? I can give you one each.
UNSPOKEN: With her usual ditziness, Mayuri puts the chicken inside the microwave. Daru explains what everything on the computer monitor means. Doesn’t look that different from using DOS. I enter 120# on the keyboard and strike the enter key. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) starts up. The Juicy Chicken Number One starts spinning backwards on the turntable. Kurisu stares hard at the PhoneWave (name subject to change), as if to not let any anomaly, no matter how slight, escape her notice.
Rintaro: So, we’ve reproduced the conditions that existed when the discharge phenomenon occurred. Right?
Itaru: Uhh, how was it again...
Rintaro: You there. Assistant!
Kurisu: Huh? Me?
Rintaro: Who else!?
Kurisu: When did I become your assistant!?
Rintaro: Just send something to my phone!
UNSPOKEN: If we’ve reproduced the conditions correctly, then if she sends something to my phone while it’s connected to the PhoneWave (name subject to change), it should arrive with a timestamp from the past, not the present. But my assistant -- Kurisu -- just scowls.
Kurisu: I don’t even know your email address.
Rintaro: What a useless assistant.
Kurisu: Don’t call me your assistant!
Rintaro: Daru, send an email from your phone!
Itaru: Uh, sure... but what?
Rintaro: Anything!
Itaru: Uhh, umm...
Rintaro: Send ’Christina’s a perv’!
Kurisu: I thought we agreed to stop saying that!
Itaru: Well, let’s compromise and go with ’Okarin’s a perv’.
Rintaro: You traitor!
Kurisu: Good job, Hashida-san!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins and gives Daru a thumbs up. I really don’t like this.
Mayuri: Oh no! Mayushii’s bananas!
UNSPOKEN: It sounds like Mayuri has found the results of our latest experiment.
Mayuri: They became gelbanas...
Kurisu: We experimented on them.
Mayuri: But they were Mayushii’s...
Itaru: Want me to send the mail now?
Kurisu: You’ll be reimbursed later. By Hououin-san, that is.
Rintaro: Why me!?
Mayuri: Geez! Why do you always have to experiment on Mayushii’s food? Ah! Don’t tell me you’re experimenting on the chicken too?
Rintaro: We are.
Itaru: ’Kay, sending it now. Sending, sending, click.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri slips past me and steps up to the active PhoneWave (name subject to change). Before anyone can react, she grabs the handle--
Rintaro: Wait! Don’t open that!
Mayuri: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: But it’s too late.
Mayuri: Wawah!
UNSPOKEN: Blue-white light fills the room, crackling angrily like the heart of a storm.
Kurisu: An electrical discharge!
UNSPOKEN: A violent sparking sound. I grab Mayuri and pull her away from the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Itaru: Are we gonna die!?
UNSPOKEN: A thin cloud of smoke fills the room. It smells like something’s burning. My eyes are numb from all the flashing light. I try blinking several times to regain my sight. I can hear Kurisu and Daru coughing.
Rintaro: E-everyone okay?
Itaru: S-somehow.
Kurisu: That was definitely more than two seconds.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri squeezes my upper arm with her slender fingers.
Mayuri: O-Okarin? Umm, what just happened?
UNSPOKEN: My vision gradually returns. Mayuri looks perplexed.
Rintaro: Are you okay? No burns or anything?
Mayuri: Hmm... It doesn’t hurt anywhere, so I think I’m okay...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like covering Mayuri was the right choice. I may be an insane mad scientist, but I still risk life and limb for the safety of my comrades. I gently let Mayuri out of my embrace. Whew. Well, that was something. I wipe the sweat off my brow.
Kurisu: H-hey! Look at this!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu voice is strained. With my vision finally restored, I take another look around the room. And what I see strikes me speechless. The large table in the center of the room is made of thick, solid wood. It can hold about five or six people without breaking. That’s why we placed the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and the X68000 on it. That table has been split in two, as if by a woodcutter’s axe. The computer and other parts connected to the microwave are scattered across the floor. And the microwave itself... Has broken through the table. It’s literally stuck in the floor.
Itaru: What the hell? How did that... Yeah, it’s a microwave, but it’s not heavy enough to make a hole in the floor...
Kurisu: This can’t be caused by electrical discharge. Some other phenomenon?
UNSPOKEN: I shake off my surprise. This is no time to be standing with jaw agape, Hououin Kyouma. Seize the moment!
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA! Just as my calculations predicted!
UNSPOKEN: First, some maniacal laughter. Next, I try to take out my phone and do the usual, but unfortunately, it’s still plugged into the PhoneWave (name subject to change). El Psy Kongroo. I whisper the words. Words that have no meaning. Words I use simply because they sound cool. These words have meaning because they have no meaning. After years of repeated use, just speaking them is enough to calm my heart.
Itaru: ...So, about Mayu-shi’s chicken.
Mayuri: Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and looks inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). It’s embedded in the floor, but she somehow manages to pry the door open.
Mayuri: Ahh! M-Mayushii’s chicken is all burnt black...
UNSPOKEN: I pat Mayuri’s shoulders to cheer her up.
Rintaro: Juicy Chicken Number One made a noble sacrifice for the progress of science. Let us pray for his happiness in the next life.
Kurisu: The chicken doesn’t matter! Right now, we need to determine what happened with the Phonewa--