Rintaro: Silence, all of you!
UNSPOKEN: I affix everyone with an overpowering stare. This shall be remembered as the moment that the greatest experiment of the century succeeded and brought humanity a step forward in a new direction. These guys have no right to ruin that with their foolish talk. My heart pounding, I detach my phone from the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Luckily, it’s completely unharmed. I open it. It still works. I bring up the list of received emails. New emails should come at the top. However... My heart beats even faster. The topmost email isn’t the one Daru sent before the discharge occurred. This impossible phenomenon is exactly what I was hoping for. I look back through my email history. And there... I find it.
Rintaro: Muhaha! Muhahaha! MUHAHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: Success. I don’t know why, but it was a success! The timestamp proves it. I received this email on July 24th -- five days ago. This is the same exact thing that happened to my someone stabbed Kurisu email. A mail sent on the 29th arrived on the 24th. And just now, the truth was revealed to me in a flash of inspiration.
Rintaro: It all connects. There’s a meaning behind this series of events, and only one true answer. I’ve discovered the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s true hidden function! This isn’t intuition. That’s right. This is conviction!
Kurisu: Just spit it out. What do you think it is?
UNSPOKEN: I feel my lips twist into a grin. I meet Kurisu’s glare head on.
Rintaro: First, let me say one thing. The greatest inventions are created by accident. This we call serendipity.
Kurisu: Get on with it.
UNSPOKEN: How dare she ruin my speech? Oh well. Let’s get to the point.
Rintaro: The mail was sent to the past. The chicken returned to its frozen state. The plucked banana returned to the bunch.
Kurisu: ...No way.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu seems to get it now. As expected of my genius assistant.
Rintaro: Yes way!
UNSPOKEN: This is the choice of Steins Gate.
Rintaro: The PhoneWave (name subject to change)... Is a time machine!
UNSPOKEN: The dawn of a new day. Actually, it’s already noon. We didn’t sleep at all. Sleep deprivation makes the summer sun seem all the brighter. I really don’t want to go outside, but I’m fed up with the humidity inside the lab. I chug a bottle of Dr P. My stomach protests. Maybe I drank too fast. I’m exhausted. My hands are shaking slightly, and my vision is cloudy. I could pass out if I’m not careful. Maybe I should take a shower. That should stave off exhaustion, if only temporarily. This building has a basic shower room. There’s no bath, but it’s enough. The lab would be hell without it. Daru is at his computer, his back turned towards me. His right leg is bouncing impatiently. The room is mostly silent, save for the electric fan’s humming and Daru’s mouse clicks. Daru doesn’t look my way, and he doesn’t try to start a conversation. Neither do I. I don’t have the energy. Outside is a sunny summer afternoon. But inside the air is stale and empty of life. Yesterday, that shocking experiment convinced me that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) was also a time machine. But Kurisu didn’t seem willing to accept the results. She just started screaming,
Kurisu: A time machine? A time machine!? It can’t be!!