UNSPOKEN: I try to warn her, but Mayuri is no longer there. She’s gone. Mayuri disappears like this every so often. And each time she does, I wonder for one terrible second if she really has vanished from the world. I look around and see Mayuri standing at a distance. She’s gazing up at the sky through the buildings. ...Here we go again. She’s stopped in the middle of the street, so other pedestrians look at her, wondering what she’s doing. But she doesn’t notice their stares. She slowly reaches out to the sky, as if entranced. And then she freezes in that position. This is one of Mayuri’s habits. I call it Stardust Handshake. Mayuri says that she’s liked looking at the night sky ever since she was little. Her reason is romantic -- or perhaps childish.
Mayuri: I feel like I can reach the stars.
UNSPOKEN: When I asked her about it one day, she just smiled and gave that answer. At first she only reached out to the night sky, but lately, she’s been doing it without regard to the time of day. Like now. Even when she’s walking and talking with someone, something inside her just seems to switch on. Honestly, it’s a little crazy.
Rintaro: It’s too early for stars, Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I walk up to Mayuri and call out to her. She slowly lowers her hand with a blank smile on her face.
Mayuri: Did you know? Even during the day, the stars are still up there.
Rintaro: Getting philosophical is nice and all, but it’s dangerous to stop in the middle of the street.
Mayuri: Ehehe! That’s true. Oh, just now, when I was looking at the stars, I decided to have ramen for lunch today!
UNSPOKEN: How are ramen and stars even related? Mayuri’s mind works in mysterious ways. I know I said I’d search for the IBN 5100, but I have no idea where to start. I spent about an hour in an internet cafe searching for information, but turned up nothing. I buy some mango juice with tapioca from a juice stand inside Yodobashi. I lose myself in thought as I drink it. It’s Saturday, so it’s starting to get crowded in front of the station. Some maids are distributing leaflets to the people coming out. I know Daru’s well-acquainted with retro PCs, but is there anyone else? Oh yeah, Shining Finger was obsessed with the IBN 5100, wasn’t she? I’m really reluctant to contact that mail demon, though... But ultimately, my feelings are trivial. Ragnarok hangs in the balance. I don’t know Shining Finger’s phone number, so I’ll just send her an email for the time being. Once I finish drinking my juice, I aimlessly head towards Chuo-dori. And then comes an email. It’s from Shining Finger. That’s a quick reply. But I asked her to call, so why did she reply by email? But I decide not to bother. I finish my drink and wander towards Chuo-dori. Then comes an email, almost as if on cue. Don’t tell me... is it the mail demon? Tch, it’s like she can read my mind. I instinctively scan the area, searching for that gloomy woman in the crowd. No sign of her tailing me. Oh well. I guess I’ll send her a reply. I don’t know Shining Finger’s phone number, so I’ll just send her an email for the time being. In the email, I ask her to call, and include my phone number. Now I just have to wait for her response. And there it is. That’s a quick reply. But I asked her to call, so why did she reply by email? Wait, she wants it by email? There’s a lot to cover. I’d rather not have to type it all out. I need to find out her phone number. Give me your phone number, along with any information you have on the IBN 5100. And... send. I look up after finishing my email and see a huge crowd of people in front of Radi-Kan. I guess the satellite is still a big deal. The media presence hasn’t died down since the day of the crash either. Radi-Kan is still closed. And, of course, the satellite is still there. Not 30 seconds pass before I get a reply. Right as I’m about to look down and read the email, I catch sight of a familiar face in the crowd.
Kurisu: Ah.
Rintaro: Well, if it isn’t my assistant. What are you doing here?
Kurisu: Hey. When did I become your assistant?
UNSPOKEN: She looks like she’ll snap at me, so to dampen her spirit, I go back to checking my email. What is wrong with this woman!? I told her to tell me her phone number and she just ignored me! And she doesn’t even have any information! How useless can you be!?
Kurisu: ...Why are you glaring at me?
Rintaro: Don’t worry about it. You’re not the cause of my frustration.
Kurisu: Oh, so you’re just raging? Don’t glare at me.
Rintaro: You’ve glared at me before, haven’t you?
Kurisu: That’s because you keep doing pervy-- Ah, no, I’m not saying anything.
UNSPOKEN: Another one? I want to snap my phone in half and throw it on the ground. What do you mean Tell me the super hacka’s address♪!? You making fun of me with that ♪? You’re not getting anything from me! Anyway, why does she need to send me two short consecutive emails? I mean, she might as well just combine them into one.
Kurisu: Are the emails you’re getting really that unpleasant?
Rintaro: They’re more... unreasonable than unpleasant.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t quite describe it in one word. Stop sending me all these short emails! I’m begging you, just gather your thoughts and send everything together! I feel a little satisfied after sending that email. I turn to Kurisu again.
Rintaro: So, Christina, what brings you here?
Kurisu: If you’re going to call me names, could you at least be consistent? Anyway, my business here doesn’t concern you.
Rintaro: Why are you pouting?
Kurisu: I’m not pouting. I just don’t want to get involved in your silly games again.
Rintaro: Nonsense. You’re already a lab mem. You have a duty to work for the benefit of the lab!
UNSPOKEN: Well, she is only a temporary member. No, it’s because she’s a temporary member that we need to get as much out of her as we can.
Kurisu: ...I regret losing myself to curiosity back then.