Rintaro: Ghosts, for instance.
Kurisu: The occult? Really?
Rintaro: You refuse to research it just because it’s the occult? That contradicts what you just said! ’You’ll never reach the truth that way!’ People have seen ghosts. There is even photographic evidence. So where are the theories? Why do physicists refuse to speak?
Kurisu: ...It’s a different field of study.
Rintaro: You can’t call physics the study of natural phenomena, then decide some things don’t count!
Kurisu: True, but...
Rintaro: And that’s why we must investigate the phenomenon of sending emails to the past. You shall assist me!
Kurisu: No.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a clear cut answer. Along with her usual glare. So the genius girl really does hate me.
Kurisu: I won’t have a hand in your fringe science. I won’t make the same mistake my father did.
Rintaro: Your father?
Kurisu: You make a fine argument, but it won’t work in the scientific community. The day you decide to research time travel is the day you’re out of a job.
Rintaro: How can you be so certain?
Kurisu: Because that’s what happened to my father.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grimaces.
Kurisu: My father, a physicist, loved time machines. He was so fascinated by Wells’s ’The Time Machine’ that he seriously studied time travel. But because of his obsession, he was practically exiled from the scientific community. I will never get involved with time travel research!
UNSPOKEN: This time, her sheer force of will gives me pause. Umm... I think she’s really pissed. I may have stepped on a landmine here. What do I do? If I get her any angrier, she might seriously hit me. Let’s calm her down a little. Yeah, let’s do that. But what should I say?
Kurisu: ...I’m sorry. I got emotional.
UNSPOKEN: She apologizes first. Christina’s calm character saves me.
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don’t worry about it! I wanted to test your character, so I made you angry on purpose!
Kurisu: ...Huh? ...Anyway, the PhoneWave isn’t a time machine. Email is a manmade system, so this phenomenon should be explainable in the scope of that system.
Rintaro: I understand. I had no idea you hate time machines that much. It’s almost like an allergy. I apologize for forcing you to become a lab mem. You don’t have to come again.
Kurisu: ...I wasn’t planning on it.
Rintaro: But know this, Christina.
Kurisu: Don’t call me Christina.
Rintaro: Lab Mem Number 004 will be a retired number. That number... is yours forever.
UNSPOKEN: I finish my speech and turn my back to Kurisu. I won’t look back. I walk away slowly with my eyes closed. It’s kind of hard to walk like this. Hope I don’t bump into anyone. Wait, am I even walking straight?
Kurisu: You look ridiculous!
UNSPOKEN: My shoulder is suddenly pulled from behind. I brace myself so I don’t fall backwards.
Rintaro: What are you doing!? You’ve ruined my perfectly-staged exit scene! And you call yourself my assistant!?
Kurisu: No, I don’t call myself your assistant! And besides, I still have something to ask you!
UNSPOKEN: Dammit, her stubbornness has already returned!
Kurisu: I asked you about this before, but you said I got stabbed, right? I demand an explanation.
UNSPOKEN: Ah yes, the other real-life phenomenon that has yet to be explained.
Rintaro: That was just something I hallucinated.
UNSPOKEN: Let’s just leave it at that for now.
Kurisu: Why would you dream about me?
Rintaro: I don’t know. And it wasn’t a dream. It was a hallucination.
Kurisu: You said something about Doctor Nakabachi, didn’t you?
Rintaro: Doctor Nakabachi held a time machine presentation at Radi-Kan that day.
Kurisu: That presentation was canceled because of the satellite crash.
Rintaro: So it seems. But in my hallucination, the presentation proceeded as planned. Mayuri and I went to see it, and you came over to flirt with me.
Kurisu: I don’t flirt. Especially not with idiots like you.
Rintaro: Like I said, it wasn’t real, okay? No... maybe this world is what isn’t real. That would explain the riddle of the PhoneWave (name subject to change). If this world is some kind of simulation, then we can disregard the laws of physics.
Kurisu: Escapism? That’s unexpectedly chicken of you.
Rintaro: It’s a hypothesis. Your favorite thing.
Kurisu: So who stabbed me? Don’t tell me it was you.
UNSPOKEN: I recall the sight of Kurisu collapsed in a puddle of blood. It sends shivers down my spine. Was that really just a hallucination? It was too real. I can clearly remember the smell of blood.
Rintaro: You were already dead when I got there. I didn’t see who did it.
Kurisu: I don’t get it. Why do I have to die in your mind? You have something against me?
Rintaro: Of course not. At that point in time, we had only spoken once. We were just strangers.
UNSPOKEN: Well, that one time we talked was during the events I imagined. So strictly speaking, at that point in time, all I knew about her was what I’d read in the magazine.
Rintaro: Anyway, we didn’t know each other. That’s why I ran away instead of calling for an ambulance.
Kurisu: My hero.
Rintaro: What? You want me to go back in time and give you CPR or something? I’d need to use the PhoneWave (name subject to change) for that.
Kurisu: ...I’ve heard enough. No more hallucinating about me, okay? Dying isn’t fun, even if it’s in someone else’s head.
Rintaro: I can’t make any guarantees. That would require perfect 24-hour surveillance inside my brain.
Kurisu: You have a comeback for everything, don’t you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shakes her head in exasperation, then turns and walks off towards the station. Looks like she wants to end the conversation. In revenge for last time, I grab Kurisu’s slender shoulder from behind.
Kurisu: Kyah! What now!?
Rintaro: I’m not done talking!
Kurisu: You trying to pick a fight?
Rintaro: It’s revenge for ruining my farewell scene, Christina! You shall regret your thoughtless actions!
Kurisu: Okay, okay, fine. What is it?
Rintaro: About the IBN 5100.
Kurisu: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Rintaro: ...If you don’t know, then forget about it. Farewell! We will not meet again.
UNSPOKEN: I turn my back to Kurisu. This time, I’ll make a perfect--
Kurisu: Hey! Don’t tell me to forget about it!
UNSPOKEN: She grabs my arm. Dammit! This is the second time!
Kurisu: What is the IBN five... whatever?