UNSPOKEN: Hm? It’s a woman’s voice. And she clearly doesn’t understand what I’m talking about.
Rintaro: You’re not from the Organization?
???: ...No. It’s Makise.
Rintaro: Makise...
UNSPOKEN: Who? I think I remember this voice from somewhere...
Rintaro: Sorry, but I don’t remember. Tell me where we met. Paris? Or London, perh--
Woman Named Makise: Akihabara. We saw each other yesterday, remember?
UNSPOKEN: Yesterday? Makise... Makise...
Rintaro: Oh! My assistant!
Kurisu: Not your assistant! Makise Kurisu!
Rintaro: If you don’t say Christina, then I have no way of knowing it’s you.
Kurisu: I’m not Christina either! How many times do I have to tell you?
Rintaro: You never stop complaining, do you?
Kurisu: Whose fault is that? Whose?
Rintaro: Wait a minute. How do you know my phone number?
UNSPOKEN: Something’s not right here. It’s not like Kurisu’s free of suspicion. She could still be a spy.
Kurisu: Hashida-san told me.
Rintaro: Oh, that’s boring. So, what is it, assistant?
Kurisu: I said I’m not your assistant. Haah, what’s the point... Where are you now?
Rintaro: I’m headed to Yanabayashi Shrine.
Kurisu: Ah, okay. Bye then.
Rintaro: Huh? What!? What was that!? Is she messing with me!? She’s messing with me!
UNSPOKEN: How dare my assistant treat me like this!? I shall scold her most harshly the next time we meet. She thinks she’s all that just because she was published in a major journal.
Rintaro: Your accomplishments mean nothing to me.
Kurisu: What are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: When I arrive at Yanabayashi Shrine, I find my assistant waiting there for some reason. She glares at me with her usual frown.
Rintaro: What was that phone call about?
Kurisu: I just wanted to ask you where you were. And since you said you were coming here, I came.
Rintaro: Nobody asked you to come.
Kurisu: And yet, here I am.
UNSPOKEN: Why is she always in such a bad mood?
Rintaro: Why did you come to see me?
Kurisu: Not because I wanted to or anything. Don’t get me wrong.
UNSPOKEN: She just keeps those abusive words coming.
Kurisu: ...I can’t stop thinking about what you said yesterday.
Rintaro: What I said?
Kurisu: About the IBN 5100. And SERN.
Rintaro: Of course! You’re working for SERN, not the Organization! You’re here to kill me, aren’t you!? That’s what I thought! You have the face of a killer!
Kurisu: What’s wrong with my face? How rude! Can you calm down a bit? You’re always screwing around. I can’t believe you’re older than me.
Rintaro: Calm down? Hmph! You don’t understand what it’s like to live on the run, never knowing when the next assassin will strike.
Kurisu: All I’m hearing is gibberish.
Rintaro: You come here to pick a fight?
Kurisu: I just want to know how the IBN 5100 and SERN are related.
Rintaro: Don’t you mean you’re interested in SERN’s time machine research? Be honest with yourself.
Kurisu: Sh-shut up. I’m not interested in time machines at all. More importantly, did you find an IBN 5100?
Rintaro: That’s why I’m here.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at Yanabayashi Shrine’s small archway.
Kurisu: A shrine?
Rintaro: Correct.
UNSPOKEN: Then, with perfect timing, a beautiful girl -- er, boy -- dressed in miko garb appears from the nearby shrine office, holding a bamboo broom.
Luka: Ah, Oka... Kyouma-san, hello.
Rintaro: ...Lukako, why don’t you have it?
Luka: Huh? Um, are you talking about Demon Sword Samidare?
Rintaro: I thought I told you to carry it at all times!
Luka: I’m sorry, but, it gets in the way when I’m cleaning, so...
Rintaro: What if they attack while you’re cleaning? Nobody’s going to come to your rescue, you know.
Luka: Th-that’s true... I’ll be more careful from now on.
Kurisu: Hey. What are you two talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako finally notices Kurisu and gives me a puzzled look.
Luka: Um... who might this be?
Rintaro: My assistant.
Kurisu: No! What kind of introduction is that!?
Rintaro: I’m only telling the truth, Christina.
Luka: You’re n-not Japanese?
Kurisu: I am Japanese.
Rintaro: Anyway, Lukako. I need to talk to your father about--
Kurisu: Wait! Introduce me properly!
Rintaro: You want to be introduced? Properly?
Kurisu: It’s unnatural not to be introduced in this situation!
Rintaro: I didn’t come here to introduce you to Lukako!
Kurisu: An introduction wouldn’t take more than ten seconds! What’s wrong with you?
Luka: Um... please don’t fight...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s flustered. Looks like he thinks we’re fighting.
Rintaro: This is Makise Kurisu. My assistant.
Kurisu: Yeah, whatever. Assistant, whatever... sigh.
Luka: Nice to meet you, Makise-san. I’m Urushibara L-Luka.
Kurisu: Nice to meet you too. How old are you?
Luka: 17 this year.
Kurisu: A year younger than me...
Luka: Oh, really? Makise-san, you’re so grown up, I can’t believe we’re only a year apart.
Rintaro: That means you look old.
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me.
Luka: No, that’s not what I... um, I mean you’re very beautiful!
Kurisu: Thanks. I think you’re very cute.
UNSPOKEN: But he’s a guy. I probably shouldn’t tell her that. The shock from learning the truth might be enough to make her go back to America.
Rintaro: You’re introduced. Happy? Can we move on now?
Kurisu: You are such a jerk.
Rintaro: Anyway, Lukako, I require an audience with your father. Can you make it happen?
Luka: Yes, sure, but why do you need to talk to my dad?
Rintaro: It’s a grave matter that concerns the future of mankind.
Luka: The future...
Kurisu: Of mankind?
Luka: I’ll go get him!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako races into the shrine office. He believes just about everything I say. He’s really easy to deal with, unlike my rebellious assistant.
Kurisu: Achoo! Oh no, did I catch a cold?