UNSPOKEN: This is the phantom PC of Akihabara! It’s in excellent condition. There’s only a thin layer of dust on it. But it looks like we’ll need to plug it in to see if it works. Now, the problem is whether Lukako’s father will lend it to me.
Rintaro: Urushibara-shi. I’ll be blunt. May I borrow this computer?
Luka’s Father: Sure.
Rintaro: Seriously!?
UNSPOKEN: Is it okay for a priest to just lend property out like that? Items which were donated to the shrine? I’ve never heard of anything like that. That’s why I was expecting him to refuse.
Luka’s Father: When this was entrusted to us, the owner said this. ’If a young man ever appears and says that he needs this computer no matter what, please lend it to him with my blessings.’ I didn’t think it would actually happen. To be honest, I’d forgotten about it entirely until you reminded me. I’m happy to lend it to you, Hououin-kun. But please be sure to return it when you’re done, okay?
Rintaro: Of course! Thank you!
UNSPOKEN: I bow deeply, but in my heart I’m grinning like a madman. Heh heh heh, I can’t stop laughing. Things are going better than I anticipated. It’s almost like everything’s being handed to me on a silver platter. Now SERN’s secrets will be laid bare. We can expose their wicked research, and possibly even gather hints on the creation of a time machine. And then, I can complete the first time machine in human history! Now I have to get the IBN 5100 back to the lab. But unfortunately, I don’t have a car to transport it. In fact, I don’t even have a license. Same goes for my assistant.
Rintaro: Can’t Americans start driving at 16? How come you don’t have a license?
Kurisu: What, something wrong with that? I spend all my time doing research.
Rintaro: You’re wasting your youth.
Kurisu: I thought so too, until I met you. Now I realize I’m doing just fine.
UNSPOKEN: ...Touche.
Luka: Umm, no fighting please...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s flustered again.
Rintaro: You’re a lifesaver, Lukako. Thank your father again for me.
UNSPOKEN: Luka’s dad has already returned to the shrine office. Lukako nods.
Kurisu: Your father is a lovely man.
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako and I freeze at my assistant’s nonchalant words.
Luka: M-my father is m-married... a-ad-adultery... is bad!
Kurisu: Huh?
Rintaro: I see, assistant. So you like older men.
Kurisu: Hey, wait! Don’t misunderstand, you two. That’s not what I meant!
Luka: I-I won’t give up my father...
Kurisu: P-please don’t cry... I just meant I was jealous of how well you get along with your father. That’s all.
Luka: Eh, ah, of course... I’m sorry for the weird misunderstanding! That was so rude of me!
Kurisu: Don’t cry. We’ve resolved the misunderstanding, so it’s all okay.
Rintaro: ...but in the depths of your heart lie feelings for Luka’s dad.
Kurisu: Die.
UNSPOKEN: Christina turns away. I decide to leave it at that. Angering her any further could lead to violence.
Rintaro: Lukako, don’t forget your practice swings with Samidare.
Luka: Y-yes sir. I’ll do my best... Umm, El Psy Kongalee...
Rintaro: It’s Kongroo! Don’t forget it.
Luka: I’m sorry!
Kurisu: Hey! What kind of lowlife teases a girl?
UNSPOKEN: I wouldn’t know. Lukako is a guy. I ignore Christina and lift up the box with the IBN 5100 inside.
Rintaro: Hng! ...Gah, it’s heavy!
UNSPOKEN: I can barely get it off the ground. I put it down for now. Now I know why Luka’s dad was red in the face when he brought this thing in.
Luka: Is it that heavy?
Kurisu: Pathetic. It’s only as big as a CRT monitor.
Rintaro: Then why don’t you try carrying it? Then you’ll understand.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, grabs both ends of the cardboard box, and lifts.
Kurisu: Wheugh...!
UNSPOKEN: She strains with all her might, but gives up without lifting it even a centimeter.
Kurisu: ...It’s r-really heavy.
UNSPOKEN: She blushes slightly, but still maintains her usual frown. My assistant seems to have a strong competitive spirit.
Kurisu: This thing’s gotta weigh like 30 kilos. Maybe we should’ve borrowed a push cart. Urushibara-san, is there one in the shrine?
Luka: Umm, there is one, but actually, it’s broken... I’m sorry.
Kurisu: Oh. Is there some other place we could borrow--
Rintaro: No, we don’t need a push cart.
Kurisu: Then how are you going to bring it back? It takes about ten minutes to walk to your run-down lab from here.
Rintaro: It may be too heavy for one person, but it’s a different story for two. You and I just need to carry it together. Why else do you think I made you my assistant?
Kurisu: So that’s why... Well, if we carry it together, we might be able to manage, but... But I refuse.
Rintaro: ...huh?
Kurisu: I... I said ’no!’
Rintaro: I’m pretty sure you said ’but I refuse.’
Kurisu: Sh-shut up. I said no.
UNSPOKEN: But I refuse is a famous manga quote. Could Kurisu be an @channeler?
Kurisu: The whole reason you made me a lab mem was to ’borrow my knowledge’. From this, it is elementary to derive the following: ’I won’t do physical labor.’
Rintaro: I see. Then I guess I have no choice. I’ll do my best to carry it, but...
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Lukako. He twitches when he notices my look, then timidly raises his hand with tears in his eyes.
Luka: Um, th-then, I will...
Kurisu: Eh? You’re going to help? Will you be okay?
Luka: Yes, I’ll d-do my best.
Rintaro: No, Lukako. I shouldn’t make you help me. I can manage by myself.
Luka: But... we’re friends, Okabe-san. I want to help you.
Rintaro: No, I’ll do it myself.
Luka: I-I’ll help you!
Kurisu: Th-then, umm... me too...
Rintaro: Please, go ahead.
Kurisu: Eh? Wha!?
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don’t you know, Christina? This is what you call a Japanese Gag!
Kurisu: You sneaky...