Rintaro: Now, assistant! Since you volunteered, I won’t let you refuse. Grab hold and heave!
Kurisu: ...Fine.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I lift up the cardboard box. The burden’s considerably easier when distributed between two people.
Kurisu: Why do we have to be face to face?
UNSPOKEN: We’re positioned so that we’re looking at each other. But there’s no other way to hold it, so what can you do?
Rintaro: Let’s just go.
UNSPOKEN: I start to walk out of the shrine.
Kurisu: Hey! Stop stop stop! I said stop!
Rintaro: You’re a noisy one.
Kurisu: Don’t walk forwards. Then I have to walk backwards. Let’s walk sideways.
Rintaro: Whatever. Get moving, assistant.
Kurisu: Hey, listen, please, just listen! I can’t walk backwards!
Rintaro: Of course you can. You’re my assistant.
Kurisu: I appreciate the vote of confidence, but I can’t! I’m asking you to go sideways! No, I’m telling you to go sideways! Sideways! I’m going to fall!
UNSPOKEN: It’s dark by the time we get to the lab. It’s normally less than a fifteen minute walk, but since Kurisu kept begging to take breaks, it ended up taking twice as long.
Kurisu: Haah, we finally made it... I’m exhausted...
Rintaro: If you didn’t complain so much about every little thing, we would’ve gotten here sooner.
Kurisu: Right back at you. You stopped to take a break at least five times along the way.
Rintaro: That’s because I wasn’t feeling well...
Kurisu: Are you okay?
Rintaro: It’s just... occasionally, my right arm aches... and when it does, dark destructive impulses overcome my soul--
Kurisu: Shut up, or I’ll tear the peripheral nerves out of that arm.
UNSPOKEN: Holy crap. There’s something wrong with this girl! Rip out my nerves? That’s like something from last year’s New-Gen Incidents! Okay, I’ll shut up. Let’s bring the IBN 5100 into the lab. The final barrier awaits. We have to ascend this rickety building’s narrow staircase.
Kurisu: Shouldn’t you get your friends to help?
Rintaro: You’re right.
UNSPOKEN: I check the window. The lab’s lights are on.
Suzuha: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior comes out of the Braun Tube Workshop with perfect timing.
Suzuha: If it isn’t Okabe Rintaro. What’cha got there?
Rintaro: Hmph, you want to know? Then I’ll tell you!
Kurisu: Wait! If you’re just going to stand and talk, shouldn’t we put the box down first?
Rintaro: Y-yeah... actually, wait, this will only take a second.
Suzuha: Well? What is it?
Rintaro: What if I told you... it’s an IBN 5100?
Suzuha: No way! You found it!? Wow! Way to go, Okabe Rintaro!
UNSPOKEN: I wish she’d stop calling me by my full name. If she’s going to do that, she should at least call me Hououin Kyouma.
Suzuha: Where was it?
Kurisu: Ugh, it’s heavy...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts giving in. I’m about at my limit too.
Rintaro: Let’s put it down!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I place it on the ground gently, so as to not damage the contents.
Kurisu: Haah...
Suzuha: So, where was it?
Rintaro: Yanabayashi Shrine.
Suzuha: Yanabayashi Shrine? You mean like a Shinto shrine?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Suzuha: Why was it there...
UNSPOKEN: Then, suddenly, Suzuha looks at Kurisu.
Suzuha: Ah...!
UNSPOKEN: She gasps, then approaches Kurisu until they’re close enough to feel each other’s breath.
Kurisu: Y-yes?
Suzuha: Makise Kurisu?
Kurisu: Yes...?
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, she stares at Kurisu with frightful intensity. Kurisu narrows her eyes in opposition. Wh-what’s going on here? I can’t move a muscle, the air’s so thick with tension.
Kurisu: What is it? Have I done something wrong?
Suzuha: ...Hmph.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha turns away, and without looking back, disappears into the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: Who was that?
UNSPOKEN: Now Kurisu demands answers from me.
Rintaro: She works part-time at that store.
Kurisu: Why was she glaring at me?
Rintaro: How should I know? Did you do something to make her angry?
Kurisu: I’ve never seen her before in my life. How rude.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu picked a fight with me the first time we met too. But that was a hallucination, so I don’t say anything. I get Daru and Mayuri to come down and help us, and the four of us carry the IBN 5100 upstairs.
Rintaro: Good work, everyone. With this, we can fight.
Kurisu: Who are you fighting?
Rintaro: SERN, and the system that rules the world.
Kurisu: If that’s what makes you happy...
Rintaro: Happy? I do not desire happiness. Have you forgotten? I am an insane mad scientist! What I desire is chaos. The time machine exists to bring chaos to the world. MUHAHAHAHA!
Kurisu: Never mind happiness. You’re like a junkie hypersecreting beta endorphins.
Mayuri: Okarin? I don’t want you doing bad things, remember?
Itaru: But wow! I can’t believe you found one. You make the impossible look easy! That’s why we love you! That’s why we ad--
Kurisu: I certainly don’t admire him.
Itaru: ...Eh?
Rintaro: Eh?
Kurisu: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: For a moment, there is complete silence.
Mayuri: It’s all thanks to Mayushii!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, oblivious as always, puffs out her chest with pride. But I don’t miss Kurisu’s relieved sigh. She keeps dropping manga quotes. Does this mean what I think it means?
Mayuri: Without Mayushii’s info, Okarin would still be lost on the streets of Akiba.
Rintaro: Mayuri’s right. She did well this time.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Anyway, it’s time for Mayushii to go home. What about you, Chris-chan? Wanna go together?
Kurisu: Thanks. But I’m going to stay here a little longer.