Rintaro: You two did well today. Be proud.
Kurisu: You’re so full of yourself.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, you not going home? You can walk with us to the station if you want.
Kurisu: Thanks. But I’m going to stay here a little longer.
Mayuri: Okay. See you later! Tutturu♪
Luka: Excuse me.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako wave goodbye and head out the door.
Kurisu: Well?
Rintaro: Well, what?
Kurisu: I’m asking for an explanation. What’s this about the IBN 5100 and SERN? Hey, Okabe.
Rintaro: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: I look up. Kurisu is glaring at me.
Rintaro: What did you just call me?
Kurisu: I called you O-Okabe.
Rintaro: You called me Okabe?
UNSPOKEN: I take one step towards Kurisu. And she takes a step back.
Itaru: Time out, time out!
UNSPOKEN: Daru tries to hold me back, but I shake him off and take a step closer. Kurisu doesn’t step back this time. Without taking her eyes off me, she bites her lip hard and curls her hands into fists.
Rintaro: Did you just call me Okabe?
Kurisu: ...I did. Problem? Yes, I’m younger than you, but you insist on calling me by ridiculous names like Christina and Zombie, so I don’t think I need to show you any respect by adding ’-san’, and besides--
Rintaro: That’s not the problem!
Kurisu: !!
Rintaro: I am not Okabe! I am HOUOUIN KYOUMA! How many times do I have to tell you, Christina!?
Kurisu: ...God, you’re so full of yourself.
Rintaro: From now on, call me Hououin. That or Kyouma.
Kurisu: No.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu snaps at me and turns away. Are those tears I see in her eyes?
Rintaro: Are you... crying?
Kurisu: I’m not crying! It’s not like I was scared of you for a second there or anything, and I definitely wasn’t relieved when you started talking like an idiot again, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: She stalks over to the window and stares outside. I see her wipe her eyes with the back of her hand. Seems she was crying after all.
Rintaro: Daru, why is my assistant crying?
Itaru: Uh, she said so herself just now.
Rintaro: All I did was correct her on my name.
Itaru: Maybe she only acts strong but is actually weak on the inside. That would be pretty moe.
UNSPOKEN: Well, whatever. Back to checking mail. But I’m thirsty from this hard day’s work. So before that, I take a fresh Dr P out of the fridge.
Kurisu: Hey, aren’t you going to tell me what’s going on?
UNSPOKEN: I toss the bottle to Kurisu once she turns around.
Kurisu: Kya!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu tries to catch it, but fails magnificently. She picks the bottle up off the floor, then shoots me a glare.
Rintaro: I’ll explain in a second. Drink that while you wait.
Kurisu: ...Gee, thanks.
UNSPOKEN: I need to send a reply to Shining Finger. She ended up being no help at all, but I suppose I can’t just say nothing. I got the goods. Over. I send as concise a message as possible.
Rintaro: Now then...
UNSPOKEN: I turn back to Kurisu, but the reply comes before I can open my mouth. Turnaround in less than five seconds. She must have her phone in hand 24/7. That’s the only possible explanation. Gimme? What nonsense is this? Sorry, but I’m not the owner. I can’t just give it to you. I send that. Another instant reply. Guh... It’s easy to imagine what will happen if I lend it to her. She’ll disappear, and I’ll never see the IBN 5100 again. No borrowing either. You can come over to our lab if you want to see it, but no touching. I add the lab’s address and send the mail. No more replies come.
Rintaro: Sorry for the wait, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: I look up and see Kurisu drinking the Dr P.
Rintaro: Oh? You’re a fan of the Doc, I see.
Kurisu: I’ve lived seven years at its birthplace, after all.
Rintaro: Excellent. We’ll make great drinking buddies.
Kurisu: I’m a minor.
Rintaro: That’s not what I meant. I meant Dr P drinking buddies.
Kurisu: Is that all you drink?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and takes another swig, signaling me to talk. And so, I explain how Daru and I hacked into SERN. And how they’ve already had the LHC in operation for nine years. And how they’ve successfully created mini black holes. And how it looks like they’re researching time travel. And also how they haven’t disclosed any of that to the world. Kurisu’s expression grows more and more intense as she listens to the story.
Kurisu: SERN certainly is acting strange... but how’s the IBN 5100 involved?
Rintaro: SERN’s database uses an IBN 5100.
Kurisu: So?
Rintaro: Allow me to explain. My trusted Super Hacka, Mister Daru--
Itaru: It’s not super hacka. How many times do I have to tell you?
Rintaro: Super Hacker Mister Daru, has hacked into SERN.
Kurisu: Is that okay? Won’t they catch you?
Itaru: I wouldn’t make a blunder like that.
Kurisu: That’s not what I meant.
Rintaro: As a result, we found evidence that those bastards are researching time travel with the LHC.
Kurisu: The LHC?
Itaru: Seriously. We have the evidence. And guess what? The LHC has been in operation for nine years.
Kurisu: What? Really!?
Rintaro: And they’ve successfully generated mini black holes.
Kurisu: No way... Then why haven’t they made an official announcement!?
Rintaro: That’s just it. For some reason, those bastards won’t announce any of it. That the LHC has been operating for nine years. That they’ve successfully created mini black holes. That they’re researching time travel. Basically, it’s proof that SERN has--
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. Another email. I’ll start over.
Rintaro: Basically, it’s proof that SERN has something to hide. Can’t you just smell the conspiracy?
Kurisu: I don’t believe in conspiracies, but... If you can prove what you said is real, then I might be surprised. SERN doing time travel research... Ah, but what about the IBN 5100? How is that involved?