Rintaro: So basically, what that means is-- The only way to decrypt that database is to use an IBN 5100 of our own.
Kurisu: How do you know that?
Rintaro: I have my sources.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t drop Titor’s name. I have no doubt this genius girl would laugh if I did. Kurisu puts a finger to her lip, deep in thought.
Kurisu: Setting the IBN 5100 and such aside... I want to see proof that SERN’s really doing that sort of research.
UNSPOKEN: True, we didn’t get any definite proof of SERN’s time travel research last time we hacked them.
Rintaro: Daru. Will it take much longer to find the server admin’s account?
Itaru: Actually, I was just thinking about doing that. It shouldn’t take more than half a day, I guess.
Rintaro: There you go.
Kurisu: ...I’ll wait until then.
Itaru: You’ll wait? It’s already getting dark. Why not go home for tonight and come back tomorrow morning?
Kurisu: No thanks. I’ll wait. I want to know as soon as possible, even if it’s just a microsecond sooner.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, that’s the spirit. You’re already fascinated by the conspiracy. You can’t help but want to know what lies at the heart of SERN.
Kurisu: If what you guys are saying is true... then this isn’t something to joke about. SERN is the world’s top research institution. If they’re doing secret experiments without publishing their results... They’re making fools of scientists the world over. That’s only if it’s true, though.
UNSPOKEN: She finishes by emphasizing that point again. Doesn’t look like she believes us.
Rintaro: Anyway, Daru. I’ll leave it to you.
UNSPOKEN: According to Daru’s research, the IBN 5100 weighs 25 kilos. For now, we’ll leave it on the shelf in the development room. We carry the cardboard box to the room, half dragging it. Kurisu follows.
Kurisu: Can you show me the PhoneWave?
Rintaro: Indeed I can. Want to experiment?
Kurisu: You haven’t been able to send another email to the past yet, right? Do you know why?
UNSPOKEN: I can only shake my head.
Kurisu: Let’s run some tests.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks around the development room.
Kurisu: Man. You have a ton of junk.
Rintaro: It’s not junk! Since you’re new to the Future Gadget Laboratory, I’ll explain. These are the glorious fruits of our science: the Future Gadgets! Future Gadgets 1-7 are stored here. The PhoneWave, with which you are already familiar, is Gadget Number 8.
Kurisu: Future Gadgets, huh...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu casually picks Future Gadget 4: Moad Snake up from the shelf and stares at it.
Kurisu: Hey. Isn’t this... a weapon?
Rintaro: Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake, designed after a claymore landmine, is an instant humidifier.
Kurisu: How confusing.
Rintaro: Insert water and turn the power on, and in mere seconds, it generates a thick cloud of steam.
Kurisu: So it’s junk. I thought so.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and returns Moad Snake to the shelf.
Kurisu: I’m borrowing this.
UNSPOKEN: Without waiting for a reply, she grabs Daru’s never-worn lab coat from the shelf and puts it on gallantly.
Rintaro: Whoa!
Kurisu: It’s just not right without a lab coat.
UNSPOKEN: Overcome with emotion, I seize Kurisu’s hand and grasp it firmly.
Kurisu: Hey!
Rintaro: Assistant! You get it, don’t you!?
Kurisu: G-get what? Let go!
Rintaro: If you’re gonna do science, you need a lab coat! Right!?
UNSPOKEN: I told Daru over and over, but he wouldn’t wear one. But my assistant is different. She put it on before I even said anything!
Rintaro: I knew you were meant for this, Christina! You’re the best assistant a mad scientist could ask for!
Kurisu: I don’t know if that’s supposed to be a compliment, but it’s coming off as an insult. Now let go!
UNSPOKEN: She shakes off my hand and turns her back to me.
Rintaro: I’m giving you that lab coat to commemorate your joining the lab. Don’t worry. It’s never been worn. Or maybe this fateful encounter between you and that lab coat was decided by destiny long ago. Daru not wearing it was just another inevitability. This is the choice of Steins--
Kurisu: Shut up so we can start the experiment.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts both hands into her lab coat’s pockets, then bends down to look at the time machine now placed underneath the table. The previous experiment broke the table and even left a hole in the floor. There’s a danger that will happen again if we successfully reproduce the discharge phenomenon, so unfortunately, we’ll have to leave it on the floor for now.
Kurisu: ...So you haven’t tampered with the microwave at all?
UNSPOKEN: I point to the X68000. There’s code on the screen.
Rintaro: It’s in terminal mode now. We can change the factory settings like this, make the microwave do things its manufacturer never intended.
Kurisu: How was it set when the discharge phenomenon occurred?
Rintaro: Nothing out of the ordinary. It was at factory settings.
Kurisu: Hmm. I’ll take a banana.
UNSPOKEN: The bunch of bananas only has three bananas left.
Rintaro: Those are Mayuri’s.
Kurisu: Oh, so I don’t need your permission, then. I’ll go buy new bananas tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu takes one banana from the bunch, squats down, and places it inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). She begins to type on her phone. She pushes send, and the PhoneWave (name subject to change) begins to turn backwards. After 120 seconds, the chime rings.
Kurisu: ...Nothing happened.
UNSPOKEN: The banana’s still in the microwave, un-gelified.
Kurisu: Ow!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu yelps as she tries to take out the banana, and quickly draws back her hand. She starts blowing on her fingers.
Kurisu: It’s hot.
Rintaro: Meaning the microwave functioned normally.
UNSPOKEN: This proves that the hidden function Mayuri found wasn’t a freezing function. But we knew that already. Undaunted, Kurisu throws in a new banana, and once again begins reverse rotation for 120 seconds. But the second banana warms up too. We can’t reproduce the gelification phenomenon, much less send mail to the past.
Rintaro: What does this mean...
Kurisu: I guess what happened earlier was an irregularity after all.