UNSPOKEN: We agree for once. But Kurisu’s motives and my motives are probably the exact opposite. My assistant here wants to disprove my theory that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is, in fact, a time machine.
Rintaro: In the previous experiment... After spending 120 seconds in the PhoneWave (name subject to change), the banana teleported back to the bunch gelified. We should consider that it returned to its state 120 seconds before.
Kurisu: Wrong. If it returned to its state 120 seconds before, it wouldn’t be gelified.
UNSPOKEN: So she wants to say that because it was gelified, it didn’t travel back in time.
Rintaro: The chicken returned to its frozen state without gelifying.
Kurisu: That logic is dubious. Sure it ended up frozen, but did you examine the possibility that it might have gelified first?
UNSPOKEN: No... I didn’t. I think Mayuri ate the refrozen chicken.
Rintaro: Salt didn’t gelify.
Kurisu: You mean nothing changed.
Rintaro: After the discharge phenomenon occurred last time, we spent all night experimenting with cabbage, radishes, rice, konjac, melon bread, Crunchy-kun, and cup noodles. Nothing happened. The same thing with liquids. On that day, our success rate took a 180 degree turn. Before the discharge phenomenon, everything succeeded. After the discharge phenomenon, everything failed.
Kurisu: Is the microwave storing electricity? You said that gelified objects became fractal structured, right? Salt has a simple structure by nature, so maybe that had an effect. But how could electricity be related...
Rintaro: Here, we should think under the assumptions of time travel theory.
Kurisu: No. It’s not good to start thinking from the conclusion.
Rintaro: We’ve already had several successful experiments. You can’t deny that.
Kurisu: I’m not especially concerned whether this thing is a time machine or not. To begin with, it’s physically impossible for this tiny little microwave to produce energy equivalent to the big bang.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns deeply.
Kurisu: We can’t reproduce the discharge phenomenon, nor the fractalization. There should be a reason why. We haven’t changed our methods. We haven’t changed the settings. We haven’t changed the experimental subjects either. There must be some other variable.
Rintaro: Maybe it’s the one who observes it.
Kurisu: What do you mean by that?
Rintaro: Quantum theory. The observer is an important element to the experiment.
Kurisu: There were four of us here when the discharge phenomenon occurred last time. But before that, it occurred when Hashida-san was alone. Each time fractalization occurred, there were either two or three people observing. You and I each saw both phenomena. In other words, the conditions haven’t changed.
Rintaro: In that case...
Kurisu: Hmmm...
UNSPOKEN: There must be some other variable. It’s on the tip of my tongue. Then I hear a rumbling sound from Kurisu’s stomach.
Rintaro: Hungry?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! I haven’t eaten anything since lunch.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away as she looks at her watch.
Kurisu: It’s already 8?
Rintaro: Just eat a banana. But only one of the two we just warmed. They are, after all, the fruit of our experiments. Or you could take something from our stock of cup noodles. Don’t want any? Well, since you have lived in America for so long, I guess you’d prefer fast food instead--
Kurisu: Cup noodles.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: I’ll have cup noodles.
Rintaro: Cup noodles!?
Kurisu: What flavors?
Rintaro: There’s soy sauce flavor and chicken flavor.
Kurisu: Chicken.
UNSPOKEN: She seems in the mood to eat.
Kurisu: Also... do you have a fork?
UNSPOKEN: It’s past midnight. At 8 o’clock, the two of us silently ate cup noodles and warm bananas -- Daru said he didn’t want any -- and ever since then, we’ve been examining the PhoneWave (name subject to change). I’ve mainly focused on the terminal mode settings through the X68000. The programs Daru wrote are all Wizard-class though, so I can’t understand most of them. Kurisu’s been examining the AC adapter and the lab’s electrical switchboard for a while. Though we stopped her when she tried to disassemble them. It’s early morning, and she still shows no sign of leaving. Where is she staying anyway? She’s been in Japan for one or two months, and she did say she was going back to America this month. The trains aren’t running this late, so I guess she might not be able to leave even if she wants to. But in that case, why didn’t she leave before the trains stopped? Don’t tell me she plans to stay!? No girls have ever stayed over at the lab. Mayuri has a curfew, so she always goes back home to Ikebukuro. Daru and I frequently stay here, though. It’s not an exaggeration to say we live here half the time. Maybe it’s normal for American girls to stay overnight in labs.
Rintaro: Christina, is it okay to stay here this late? Perhaps you should contact your family.
Kurisu: No need.
Rintaro: What? Do your parents let you do whatever you want?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns to me and sighs.
Kurisu: I haven’t seen my father in seven years. My mother is in America. I’m living in a hotel right now. Understand?
Rintaro: Wha...!
UNSPOKEN: Living in a hotel? Well, true, renting an apartment for just a month is absurd, but--
Rintaro: You damn celebrity! If you’re American, then you should at least use a motel instead of a hotel, right!?
Kurisu: I’m not American, and there aren’t any motels in the heart of Tokyo.
Rintaro: What sort of hotel?
Kurisu: What do you mean? It’s a normal hotel in Ochanomizu.
Rintaro: Ochanomizu? Then you can walk there from here, can’t you?
Kurisu: Sure.
UNSPOKEN: I see. That’s why she’s so flexible with her schedule. I finally understand.
Rintaro: So, tell me about your father.
Kurisu: Sorry?
Rintaro: You said you haven’t seen him in seven years?
Kurisu: Why do you care about my father?
Rintaro: You’re the one who mentioned him. Isn’t that basically a hidden message saying ’please give me some advice about my father, please’?
Kurisu: You’re crazy.
Rintaro: You are my assistant! And I can’t let my assistant have any worries. So tell me everything that’s on your mind!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pouts and says no more. Instead, she glares at the circuit box on the wall.
Rintaro: What’s wrong?
Kurisu: I have nothing to say to you.