Rintaro: Run a search for data on time travel research.
Itaru: Okey-dokey. That Z Program we saw last time was suspicious, wasn’t it?
Rintaro: That, and the Jellyman’s Report.
UNSPOKEN: We couldn’t get concrete information on either before. Kurisu stares holes into the monitor. Her angry expression has disappeared.
Rintaro: Look carefully. And burn it into your eyes. The proof of SERN’s actions, its deceit upon the world.
Itaru: Oh yeah, baby. Found the LHC project supervisor.
Rintaro: The supervisor... that’s a pretty important post.
Itaru: Right now, we’re peeking inside his computer. Z Program, Z Program... hmm...
Rintaro: Z obviously stands for jelly (zerii)!
Kurisu: Jelly starts with J. J-E-L-L-Y.
Itaru: Pfft, careless mistake. So uncool.
Rintaro: Ahem! What I meant to say is that there’s no way it would have such a simple name. The name’s hiding something important. There has to be a double meaning!
UNSPOKEN: Daru, who’s been searching through the log, suddenly stops.
Itaru: Got it!
UNSPOKEN: He displays a graphic on the monitor. It looks like a scan of a very old paper document. The letterhead reads Z PROGRAM: TOP SECRET.
Itaru: The program began... in 1973.
Rintaro: When was SERN formed?
Kurisu: 1954.
UNSPOKEN: I asked Daru, but Kurisu answers instead, her tone flat. I thought that maybe SERN was formed with the Z Program in mind, but ’54 means my guess was off.
Rintaro: When was the IBN 5100 put on market?
Itaru: 1975.
UNSPOKEN: So maybe that’s why the IBN 5100 was central to SERN’s operations. The years match, after all. It can’t be something as stupidly simple as that. There has to be a worldwide conspiracy involved. Maybe IBN hid their proprietary programming language in the IBN 5100 for the sole purpose of its use in SERN’s Z Program. IBN and SERN are co-conspirators. And both of them are being manipulated from the shadows by an even larger organization. Yeah, that’s way more interesting.
Itaru: Ugh, a JPEG? Come on! I can’t copypaste this.
UNSPOKEN: Daru mutters some complaint.
Kurisu: Hmmm, the text isn’t in French...
UNSPOKEN: What’s on-screen right now looks like English.
Itaru: Actually, there’s French, Dutch, and German versions too. The content looks the same, though.
Kurisu: ...’SERN’s purpose heading into the 21st Century shall be to establish control over space and time, thereby to enable the destruction of extant history and the creation of an everlasting Utopia, ruled by the Committee, that encompasses the entirety of past and future events.’
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly starts speaking at a stilted clip.
Itaru: Oh, right! Makise-shi can do English!
Rintaro: Way to go, assistant! Your study abroad in America was all for the sake of today, wasn’t it!?
Kurisu: Of course not. Stop assigning people roles in your fantasy world.
UNSPOKEN: Daru relinquishes his chair, allowing Kurisu to sit in front of the computer.
Kurisu: ’In order to maintain this project’s secrecy, and to allow its name to remain relevant in changing circumstances, we designate it the Z Program.’ ’Z, like the Greek Omega or the Cyrillic Ya.’ ’It is forbidden to assign any meaning to this name or to seek in it significance beyond the project itself. Negative returns are predicted should this edict be violated.’ ’The Z Program is a top secret project spanning international borders. Like electromagnetic wave research, it has been approved for top priority funding by the Committee of 300.’ ’Henceforth, all other research performed by SERN shall function to keep the Z Program’s existence secret.’
UNSPOKEN: I guess Kurisu’s reading the preface to a document. It’s getting rather dull.
Rintaro: Is there anything specific about what exactly the Z Program is?
UNSPOKEN: Daru types on the keyboard from the side, bringing up another window.
Kurisu: Hmm... ah... here. This... can’t be!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bends forward and stares wide-eyed at the words on the screen.
Rintaro: What is it?
Kurisu: ’The purpose of the Z Program is to perform time-space displacement experiments by means of high-energy proton-proton collisions.’
UNSPOKEN: Time-space displacement experiments.
Rintaro: Time travel!
UNSPOKEN: I have to struggle to keep from shouting. I quickly run over to the window and close it. It might make it hotter inside, but it would be worse if people outside overheard us.
Kurisu: No way... it was true? You’re telling me they’ve been deceiving the world for nearly 40 years?
Rintaro: Just as I suspected. A great shadow lurks behind SERN. Most likely the Organization, or one of its puppets.’
Kurisu: What Organization, you chuunibyou nutjob? At least try to be serious some of the time.
Rintaro: Hmph, don’t be ridiculous. My words are always grounded in truth.
Itaru: Anyway, shouldn’t it be ’the Committee’ instead of ’the Organization’? That’s what it says here.
Kurisu: The Committee of 300? I don’t think they mean SERN’s Executive Council. What are they talking about?
Rintaro: The world is full of lies. It’s not as beautiful as you think.
Itaru: Listen, Okarin...
Rintaro: I am listening. The Committee of 300 is the dark power that controls every secret society, every government, every multinational corporation.
Kurisu: You’re making things up again.
Rintaro: It’s the truth. Google it if you don’t believe me. Until now, the human race, for all its accomplishments, has never been able to overcome the barrier called time. The technology of time travel, which can break through that barrier, will change the course of human history. Literally. As it was when we split the atom, this forbidden fruit has the potential to grant us godlike power. Not a man exists who can resist its temptation. And naturally, all those with power will use any means at their disposal to obtain it. Human morality is naught but a joke to those who would stand with the gods. Understand, Christina?
Kurisu: ...Wow. That was quite a speech. Since you seem to know so much about it, does that mean you’re aiming for godhood too?
Rintaro: What Hououin Kyouma desires is the destruction of all who would call themselves gods, the collapse of their hateful System, and a glorious new age of Chaos. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: I’m not asking Hououin. I’m asking Okabe.
Rintaro: I... I am Hououin!
Kurisu: In other words, you don’t have your own reason.