UNSPOKEN: Daru breaks the silence with a disbelieving whisper.
Itaru: They... gelified someone?
UNSPOKEN: Upon hearing the familiar word ’gelified’, I reflexively look at the bunch of bananas placed next to the computer. There’s only one banana left. We didn’t have a single successful experiment today, so none of them were gelified. But I don’t think this is a mere coincidence. The gelified bananas produced by the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and the gelified corpses produced by SERN’s experiments. They seem identical in nature.
Kurisu: They’re experimenting on people...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu speaks calmly despite her grim expression. She doesn’t even avert her eyes from the gruesome image.
Kurisu: And this means they’ve created a time machine, doesn’t it? Even if it’s not perfect.
Rintaro: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: I’m still in shock, so I don’t quite grasp the meaning of Kurisu’s words.
Kurisu: This New York Times article is from 1921.
Rintaro: 90 years ago...
Kurisu: Look.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu points to part of the black and white photograph, her finger shaking slightly. The gelified corpse of a man. She’s pointing to his shoulder, which has writing on it. Perhaps it was printed on his clothes. It’s fused onto the gelified body, but you can somehow manage to read it.
Rintaro: SERN...
Itaru: So... SERN used the LHC to send someone back to 1921?
Kurisu: Looks like they failed to keep him alive, though.
Rintaro: Is this the only report?
Itaru: No, there’s more. Looks like... 14 people in total.
Rintaro: More Jellymen? That means more gelified people... more victims of human experimentation...
UNSPOKEN: I swallow hard. I’m awfully thirsty. I take a cold Dr P out of the fridge and wet my throat.
Rintaro: Show me the others.
UNSPOKEN: Daru pulls up another report. Without being told to, Kurisu begins translating out loud.
Kurisu: ’Jellyman’s Report 9.’ ’Subject: Dan Strayski, Age: 26, Canadian.’ ’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2004-9-6 T 14:10.’ ’Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.’ The newspaper clipping... I think it’s in French. I can’t read it.
Rintaro: You can read the date, though. January 31, 2001.
Kurisu: The location is... Pau, France, I guess.
UNSPOKEN: 2001. That’s fairly recent. A pretty big difference from James McCarthy, who jumped nearly 90 years back to 1921. Daru calls up a machine translation, giving us the following. Daru goes to the next report.
Kurisu: ’Jellyman’s Report 8.’ ’Subject: Linda Hill, Age: 25, British’ ’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2004-2-15 T 13:45’ ’Results: Error. Human is Dead. Mismatch.’ ’October 2, 1972. The gelified body of a woman was discovered on the streets of Dharmapuri in Tamil Nadu, India.’ ’There were signs that the body had been run over by a car.’
UNSPOKEN: Daru goes to the next page.
Kurisu: ’Jellyman’s Report 7.’ ’Subject: Michael Lang, Age: 33, German’ ’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2002-10-8 T 13:28’ ’Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.’
UNSPOKEN: The article clipping is written in Japanese. Looks like a pre-war newspaper. It even happened in Japan. I’ve never heard this story before. It was pre-war, though, so I guess someone born in the 90s like me would have no way of knowing about it. Next page. The picture shows a beach, beautiful but for the jellyfish-like body lying on the sand. It must have washed ashore. 
Kurisu: ’Jellyman’s Report 6.’ ’Subject: Mark Hughes, Age: 30, American’ ’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2002-8-23 T 12:52’ ’Result: Error. Human is Dead. Mismatch.’ ’On July 1, 1985, a strange body washed ashore on the coast of Streymoy, Faroe Islands.’ ’It appeared to be the body of an adult male, but its flesh was soft like that of a jellyfish. Some of the island’s inhabitants believe that it was the body of a merman.’ ’The inscription ’SERN’ was found near the body’s shoulder, but SERN denies any involvement.’
Itaru: Keep looking?
Rintaro: I’ve seen enough.
UNSPOKEN: There are 14 of these people?
Kurisu: The sites are spread throughout the world. What can we deduce from this?
Rintaro: They must have sent them to those places.
Kurisu: I don’t think so. It’s too random.
Itaru: There was something about Kerr black holes and gravity, right? Isn’t that the cause?
Kurisu: It is believed that due to infinite compression by supergravity, the subject could not endure passage through the Kerr black hole’s singularity.’ That’s what it said.
Itaru: What’s a Kerr black hole? Is it different from a regular black hole?
Kurisu: It’s a theoretical black hole with a rotating singularity. Their existence hasn’t been proven yet. Not that there’s any way to prove one exists.
UNSPOKEN: Kerr black hole. Where have I heard that term before?
Rintaro: That’s right... John Titor!
UNSPOKEN: Titor said his time machine used Kerr black holes.
Rintaro: According to Titor, SERN finished their time machine in 2034. And then Titor himself came from 2036.
UNSPOKEN: It makes sense for Titor and SERN to be using the same time travel technology. Kurisu closes her eyes in deep thought.
Kurisu: Creating Kerr black holes? That’s insane. If you screw up, it could swallow the Earth... and besides, Kerr black holes are just a theoretical construct.
Rintaro: If Titor’s predictions are a reality, then that means the LHC worst case scenario video on MewTube was right.
Itaru: I don’t know about Titor’s predictions, but I’ve seen the problem video before. It was on the news two or three years ago.
Kurisu: The gravitational forces inside a black hole are unbelievably powerful. It’s certainly possible that passing through one could allow time displacement, but there’s no way a human could do that and come out alive.
Rintaro: That must be how these people got gelified.
Kurisu: It wouldn’t just gelify you. It would tear you apart particle from particle. That’s what a black hole does.