UNSPOKEN: Daru’s already started pulling up new documents. I’m suddenly afraid. Is it okay to keep hacking SERN like this? Should I stop him? I’m the one who asked him to do it, but things have gotten serious now. But at the same time, irresistible curiosity wells up inside me. Time travel is becoming a reality. I want to know that it’s true. I can’t stop now.
Itaru: Here we go! There’s a file in the Z Program that explains time travel theory.
Kurisu: That was pretty easy to find. SERN should have better security.
Itaru: Their security’s fine. I’m just too good.
Rintaro: Daru is my Favorite Right Arm.
Kurisu: I thought he was your super hacka.
Itaru: Hacker!
Rintaro: So what does it say, Christina?
UNSPOKEN: This is in English too, so I have no choice but to rely on my assistant.
Kurisu: Umm... can you give me some time to read it?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s eyes dart left and right across the lines. Her earlier reluctance has vanished. It looks like she’s as curious as I am.
Kurisu: No way... but this is... Is Titor really...?
Rintaro: What are you muttering about? Tell me what it says.
Kurisu: ...Oh, right. You know, this feels like one big joke.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: It’s almost the same. The same as Titor’s theory. Basically... The LHC smashes protons together at 99. 9999991% the speed of light. By doing so, they compress a mass of 10kg into an extremely tiny space of 10m.
Itaru: In Japanese please. Three lines max.
Kurisu: A small mass. Thrust into a narrow space. With great force.
UNSPOKEN: That explanation’s too vague.
Itaru: That explanation’s too erotic!
Kurisu: Huh? What part of it is erot-- ...Ah! H-Hashida, you pervert!!
Itaru: Sounds like you have a pretty good imagination yourself.
Kurisu: I-I’m not like you!
UNSPOKEN: Her blushing cheeks make her denial less than effective.
Rintaro: Don’t listen to this fool, Christina. Continue.
Kurisu: ...ugh. Uh, what were we talking about?
Itaru: Thrusting with great force.
Rintaro: Proton compression.
Kurisu: Right. Successful compression generates a micro-singularity, which--
Itaru: A micro singularity? Not a mini black hole?
Rintaro: Same thing, essentially. A singularity is the core of a black hole.
Kurisu: This process generates a black hole with two micro-singularities.
UNSPOKEN: A black hole with two cores? Like a cowlick with two hairs? No, I don’t think that’s it...
Itaru: Explain with cute girls.
Kurisu: Fine. Say there are two cute girls, Mic-chan and Cro-chan.
Itaru: Sisters are moe. Haah, haah.
Kurisu: By feeding Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, you can make them do whatever you want.
Itaru: Electric shock torture? This some sort of eroge?
Kurisu: So you force them to rotate at an extremely high velocity. And then, theoretically, Mic-chan and Cro-chan transform into Magical Girl ’Ring Singularity’.
Itaru: Cue stock transformation scene. Got it.
UNSPOKEN: Well, it looks like these two have found a common wavelength.
Kurisu: The resulting black hole exhibits what’s called the Kerr effect.
Itaru: What are Kerr black holes anyway? You said they spin, but what does that mean?
Kurisu: Exactly what it sounds like.
Itaru: But don’t black holes usually spin? I mean, there’s a whirlpool around the hole, right?
Kurisu: The part that looks like it’s spinning is just the surrounding matter being sucked into the black hole. A black hole is just a point where extreme mass causes gravitational collapse. Everything falls towards it. Since it’s only a point, it doesn’t spin.  A Kerr black hole has a ring at its center, not a point. Think of it like this. Once transformed into magical girls, Mic-chan and Cro-chan’s hearts spin like a ring inside their bodies, which is impossible for normal people.
Itaru: ...I’ll pass on the guro.
Rintaro: Before, you said that such a black hole’s existence would be impossible to prove. What did you mean?
Kurisu: A black hole has what’s called an event horizon. Once you pass the event horizon, time and space switch places.
Rintaro: Time and space switch places?
Kurisu: Right now, we can move freely through space and into the future, but we can’t move even one minute into the past. That becomes reversed. On the other side of the event horizon, moving freely through space becomes impossible, while moving freely through time becomes possible.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t even imagine what that’s like.
Kurisu: Since unrestricted spatial movement is impossible, you can never escape a black hole. For example, if Okabe jumped into a black hole, time for him would stretch to infinity. Since light cannot escape, human eyes cannot see the other side of the event horizon. Observing a black hole from the outside is impossible, so nothing about the inside can be proven. There is an exception, however. This exception is vital when you use a Kerr black hole for time travel.
Rintaro: Get to the point.
Kurisu: The Kerr black hole’s ring singularity. Since it’s spinning, it has angular momentum.
Itaru: Like I said, in Japanese please.
Kurisu: Didn’t I already explain how the core spins? Just think of that as having momentum. If you keep giving Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, they’ll rotate faster and faster. And when their angular momentum exceeds a certain threshold, the event horizon will disappear, and the singularity will become a naked singularity.
Itaru: N-naked? You mean the magical girl costumes expose a lot of skin, right? When does the anime adaptation air?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I ignore Daru’s nonsense.
Rintaro: Naked, you mean it becomes observable.
Kurisu: When the event horizon disappears, there’s no more reason for time and space to change places. Meaning that you can enter a naked singularity without being trapped. And then the existence of the naked singularity allows the principle of causality to be violated and the general theory of relativity to fail. The laws of physics are broken!
Rintaro: C-can such a thing exist?
UNSPOKEN: The negation of the theory of relativity and the principle of causality means serious paradoxes can occur. Didn’t Kurisu say that earlier?
Kurisu: Nothing in principle stops Kerr black holes from existing. It seems inconsistent, but the math never lies. Since the principle of causality fails, it would be possible to travel to the past by entering a naked singularity.