Rintaro: Daru, have you heard of it?
Itaru: Lifter, lifter... I think I saw that in the Z Program files. Wanna google it?
UNSPOKEN: Daru opens up a browser window and enters lifter into a search engine.
Itaru: We’ve got hits!
UNSPOKEN: About 422, 000 results.
Kurisu: That many? I guess it’s not a secret...
Rintaro: Could this be it? Ionocraft.
Kurisu: Ions are charged particles. The meaning matches.
UNSPOKEN: We click on a link that says Ionocraft (lifter). It takes us to a video. Looks like some dim garage. But it doesn’t seem like anything secretive. Just a garage like you’d see in an average American home. At the center of the screen is a triangular shape made of some kind of metal. It looks about 10 cm high, and about 30 cm wide. It’s connected to some sort of generator by a thin wire. Looks like some really cheap equipment. That’s all there is. Nothing else. After explaining something in some language I don’t understand -- Russian, maybe? -- the person filming the video slowly turns the power on. And then--
Itaru: It’s floating...
UNSPOKEN: The silvery triangle floats soundlessly into the air. Then it remains stationary.
Rintaro: That’s... an anti-gravity device!
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous. That would be the breakthrough of the century. It’s called an ionocraft, so it probably has something to do with electrodes and charged air...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t sound as confident as she usually does. We look up information on the ionocraft lifter. Lots of sites have detailed instructions on how to make lifters, but I don’t know how they work since the sites all give conflicting theories.
Rintaro: SERN is using this lifter technology. It’s a vital component of their time machine. If they can manipulate a micro singularity’s mass and gravitational field, then these things really are anti-gravity devices!
Kurisu: Well, under those exact conditions, I guess you might not be entirely wrong.
UNSPOKEN: Incredible! My curiosity’s growing more by the second.
Kurisu: But it looks like SERN’s having trouble adjusting their lifter. They don’t have full control over the micro singularity’s gravity. So they can’t make a true naked singularity.
Rintaro: That must be the reason why the subjects turned into jellymen.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods.
Kurisu: Since the singularity is still closed, the subject is crushed by its tremendous gravity. As a result, substances become fractalized. Let’s go with that hypothesis. Of course, there’s no way to be sure that it’s right. It might take months to prove.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders in resignation.
Rintaro: So SERN’s lifter is still incomplete...
UNSPOKEN: If Titor is telling the truth, then SERN won’t complete their time machine for another 24 years.
Rintaro: If we can complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change) first, then we’ll have outwitted SERN!
Kurisu: We don’t have half the equipment or funding SERN does. What makes you think you can solve a problem that they can’t? This isn’t that simple. SERN still hasn’t figured out how to set the subject’s destination in time or space. That should be evident by how scattered the jellyman discoveries were. We don’t even know if this is all of them. There could be jellymen buried underground or floating in space. Actually, I’m almost certain there are. There’s no point traveling through time if you end up in tens of thousands of kilometers away from the Earth. It’s not practical at all.
Rintaro: Titor said he had a ’variable gravity lock system’. He can use that to lock onto the Earth’s gravity and ensure he arrives somewhere on the planet’s surface.
Kurisu: Titor’s explanation on that point was vague. He mentioned having such a device, but he didn’t explain how it worked.
Itaru: But if you’re only moving through time, won’t you just arrive in the same location?
Kurisu: Of course not.
Itaru: Why not?
Rintaro: Because the Earth is always moving.
Kurisu: Right. Rotation and revolution. The Earth’s rotational velocity is about 1, 650 kilometers per hour. Its orbital velocity around the sun is about 114, 000 kilometers per hour. Meaning one hour ago, we were that far away from where we are now.
Itaru: Whoa! When you think about it like that, we’re earth-shatteringly fast!
Kurisu: And that’s not all. The Solar System is part of the Milky Way. And the Milky Way spins like a giant whirlpool. There are various theories, but basically the earth moves about 50 million kilometers a day.
UNSPOKEN: How can she roll all those numbers so smoothly off her tongue? I get that she’s a genius, but it’s hardly common knowledge. Has she been doing research on the topic?
Itaru: We’ve kinda gotten to a ludicrous scale.
Kurisu: By the way, the Milky Way is part of a large cluster of galaxies, which is itself part of an even larger supercluster. And these clusters and superclusters might be moving too. If that’s the case, we’re moving even more than 50 million kilometers a day. The point is that setting the destination would require insane calculations, even if you only want to travel one second into the past. Doing it by hand is impossible, and it might take years for a supercomputer to come up with a solution, just to get you to the same location.
Rintaro: Then we have no choice. We need to find Titor and borrow his variable gravity system.
Kurisu: Great idea. Go for it. I wonder how SERN is dealing with this problem...
UNSPOKEN: After blowing me off, Kurisu goes back to reading SERN’s documents. Daru and I aren’t good with English, so there’s nothing we can do but let her work. Dawn breaks. We stayed up all night again. Fighting drowsiness, I refill my mug with instant coffee. I’ve already lost count of how many I’ve had.
Kurisu: Okabe.