UNSPOKEN: The three of us probably look pretty haggard since we stayed up all night. But it’s hard to put on a bright smile now that I know about SERN.
Mayuri: I’ll refresh the air!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri opens the window wide. The sky is so blue, it hurts my eyes. Large clouds listlessly drift on the wind. It truly is a refreshing sight. Mayuri’s appearance makes Daru get up with a grimace. Kurisu also finally moves away from the computer, sipping her hot coffee while rubbing her eyes. I glance at the clock, then go to the center of the room and call for attention.
Rintaro: Since all lab mems are present and accounted for, this is the perfect opportunity to hold another Round Table Conference.
Mayuri: Roundabout confluence?
Itaru: ...What’s that?
Rintaro: A meeting of lab mems.
Itaru: Have we ever done that before?
Kurisu: Do you even have a round table?
Rintaro: Not physically. However, it exists in the hearts of all lab mems. Am I mistaken?
Kurisu: Yes, you’re mistaken. Don’t go sticking things in people’s hearts.
Mayuri: Is there one in Mayushii too?
Rintaro: Of course there is.
Mayuri: Oh, that’s good. But what’s a roundable?
Itaru: And why a round table? You King Arthur?
Kurisu: I’m only a temporary lab mem anyway.
UNSPOKEN: These people whine about every little thing!
Rintaro: Anyway, it’s a Round Table Conference! Mayuri wasn’t here last night, so first, let’s explain the situation to her.
UNSPOKEN: I tell Mayuri about everything we discovered in her absence. About how SERN is making a time machine. About jellymen. About how men in black might be coming to erase us for what we know.
Mayuri: I told you you shouldn’t do bad things.
Rintaro: Hmph, ’bad’ you say? We are bad? Absurd. If we’re bad, then SERN is even worse. They aren’t satisfied with ruling the world. Now they want to get their hands on space-time itself!
Kurisu: I agree.
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Kurisu backs me up.
Kurisu: What SERN is doing is unforgivable. They’re traitors to humanity, to society, and to science.
Mayuri: I guess...
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t sound convinced. I didn’t want to get Mayuri involved, but she’s surprisingly perceptive. She’d find out even if we kept it a secret. So it’s better to just tell her.
Rintaro: Anyway, Ragnarok can no longer be averted. The final battle with SERN is near.
UNSPOKEN: A large part of me is still afraid, but we’ve come too far to turn back now. We can’t unlearn what we know.
Mayuri: Rag in a rock?
Kurisu: Norse mythology again?
Rintaro: Christina! I ordered you to investigate SERN! What have you learned?
Kurisu: I don’t remember being ordered, but whatever. There are two problems SERN faces with time travel. First is the electron injection device, also known as a ’lifter’. Unless they get it to function properly, they can’t make the Kerr black hole singularites naked. If you send a test subject through the singularity in its current state, the supergravity compresses them to the micro level. Naturally, there’s no way to survive. The second problem is that they can’t specify a physical destination. They can’t choose where they end up after traveling to the past. That’s why I’d say the 14 found jellymen were the lucky ones. Over a hundred human experiments have been performed since 2001. The remaining 80 or so people ended up somewhere they can’t be found.
Mayuri: Why can’t they be found?
Itaru: Didn’t you know, Mayu-shi? The world is constantly moving. Its rotational speed is 1500 kph, and its orbital speed is 114, 000 kph--
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s tone is authoritative, but he’s just relaying what he heard from Kurisu last night.
Kurisu: SERN has been looking for solutions, but it’s not going well.
UNSPOKEN: So even SERN is having difficulties?
Rintaro: Now then. Have you learned anything that could help us complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change)?
Kurisu: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at the ceiling in thought.
Kurisu: Well, I suppose you could call the LHC the world’s largest microwave oven.
Rintaro: Of course! In other words, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is a miniature LHC!
Kurisu: You might be on to something there.
UNSPOKEN: I was sure she’d deny it. In fact, I thought she’d yell at me. But instead, she agreed with me. Throws me off a little.
Kurisu: However, there are too many things we don’t know about the PhoneWave. Why do the same phenomena that occur in SERN’s time machine also occur in that tiny little microwave? Unlike the LHC, this thing wasn’t made for time travel.
Mayuri: It was made to warm Mayushii’s chicken!
Kurisu: W-well, yeah.
Rintaro: Since the jellyman phenomenon occurs with the PhoneWave (name subject to change), Mayuri’s bananas must be reaching the Kerr black hole’s ring singularity.
Mayuri: It makes a black hole? Here? It won’t suck us in, will it?
UNSPOKEN: If it sucked us in, we’d become jellymen too.
Kurisu: But we still haven’t figured out the electric discharge phenomenon, or the conditions required to cause it.
Itaru: During our experiments earlier, we were only able to send emails to the past during the discharge.
Rintaro: Although it hasn’t happened again, that discharge phenomenon could very well signify the injection of charge -- that is, electrons. And only when it occurs does the path to the singularity open.
Kurisu: We don’t know the cause of the discharge phenomenon.
Rintaro: That’s what we need to find out.
Kurisu: In the first place, the emails we’re sending to the past are digital data, not physical objects. That’s a definite difference from SERN’s time machine.
Rintaro: No, we’re doing the same thing. Who’s to say that digital data can’t go through a singularity? I think it would be easier than sending something human-sized.
Kurisu: Well... I suppose that’s true.
Mayuri: You know, the way you guys talk about email... It makes me think of folding a letter into a paper airplane and making it go zoom, you know?
Rintaro: It’s more like a beam of light. Like optical digital data. By the way, it’s a pain to keep saying ’email sent to the past’. Let’s give it a proper name.
Kurisu: I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
Rintaro: What’s that supposed to mean? You dare mock Hououin Kyouma!?
Kurisu: You just want to give it some oddball name, don’t you?