Kurisu: Confusing. Rejected.
Rintaro: Why you! Who gave you the authority to reject my ideas!? You’re just an assistant!
Kurisu: Then why don’t we take a vote? All in favor of Nostalgia Drive.
UNSPOKEN: My hand shoots into the air. But nobody follows suit.
Rintaro: Have you forsaken me, Daru!? Mayuri!?
Mayuri: Chris-chan’s right. It’s too hard for Mayushii to remember.
Itaru: It’s way too chuuni, man.
UNSPOKEN: Traitors!
Rintaro: Fine! Then let’s hear alternatives! Don’t tell me you rejected my idea without having any bright ideas of your own!?
Kurisu: I think it needs to be something easy to understand. It’s an email that regresses through time, so how about Retromail?
Mayuri: What does ’retro’ mean?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is busy eating strawberry jelly. How can she eat that stuff after hearing about jellymen?
Rintaro: Sounds like you have your answer, Christina. You said it should be easy to understand, but it wasn’t easy to understand at all, was it!?
Kurisu: B-but that’s because Mayuri-san is... Uh, n-never mind...
Rintaro: Were you about to say ’because Mayuri’s dumb’?
Kurisu: N-no!
Mayuri: Eh? Chris-chan, do you think Mayushii’s dumb?
Kurisu: I don’t! I promise I don’t! Okay?
UNSPOKEN: Somehow, Kurisu manages to glare at me even while soothing Mayuri.
Itaru: I vote ’The Mail Who Leapt through Time’.
Rintaro: That’s too stiff. It’s hard to say.
Itaru: It’s better than your ’Nostalagisticexpialidocious’ nonsense! And mine makes a movie title referen--
Rintaro: That’s not cool. It needs to be cool.
Itaru: You’re rejecting it for that?
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii has an idea! How about ’Back to the Mail’? I took a movie title, and changed a word to mail!
Itaru: I already did the movie joke, Mayu-shi.
Kurisu: Besides, I think the meaning is a little off.
UNSPOKEN: She probably meant Mail to the Future, but our emails go to the past.
Mayuri: It’s not about the meaning... I took a movie title and changed a word to mail...
Rintaro: Either way, it’s too long!
Itaru: Then how about DeLorean Mail?
Rintaro: That doesn’t even say what kind of email it is!
Kurisu: Hey. We don’t have time for this nonsense. Let’s just abbreviate it to ’D-Mail’ and move on.
Rintaro: But that’s boring.
Kurisu: It don’t care if it’s boring.
UNSPOKEN: Shot down. Kurisu’s influence in the lab seems to have grown significantly these past few days.
Mayuri: D-Mail it is!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, finished with her jelly, proclaims in satisfaction. Wait, when did Mayuri become the moderator?
Itaru: So why does the D-Mail phenomenon occur?
Rintaro: Because the path through the ring singularity is open. We’ve been over this already.
Kurisu: We don’t know if there’s actually a black hole at work here. It could be an entirely different phenomenon that just happens to resemble SERN’s experiments. It’s dangerous to jump to conclusions.
Rintaro: Why so timid? Don’t you want our time travel experiments to succeed? That’s why we put our lives on the line to hack SERN! What we need to figure out is how to turn the PhoneWave (name subject to change) into a usable time machine.
Itaru: Do you really think that’s possible?
Rintaro: There is no think. Only do!
Kurisu: What, did you read that off a motivational poster? You’re like the classic incompetent boss.
Rintaro: Damn you! You dare insult the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!?
Itaru: Well, it’s not like Okarin’s the boss anyway.
Rintaro: Indeed. I am the symbol of this lab, not the boss.
Kurisu: I don’t know what you mean by symbol, but how do you plan to turn the PhoneWave into a time machine? Let’s have details.
Rintaro: My plan... alright, there is one thing. We’ve been thinking that the electrical discharge happens at random, but I have a hypothesis.
Kurisu: Which is?
UNSPOKEN: I look at my watch. It’s past noon.
Rintaro: Recall the conditions when it occurred, Christina. We experimented through the night with no results, but there’s one variable we overlooked. The simplest, most definitive variable of all. That is, the time of the occurrence.
Kurisu: ...ah.
Rintaro: I checked the times of the two previous occurrences. When I accidentally sent the first D-Mail to Daru’s phone, it happened between noon and one PM. The second time, when all four of us observed the D-Mail, it was six PM. So if we perform the experiment within that timeframe, we might be able to reproduce the effect.
Kurisu: Let’s try it right now!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bolts into the development room, suddenly bursting with enthusiasm.
Itaru: Well, I’m glad to see she has her priorities straight.
Mayuri: Mayushii’s banana supply is getting low... gotta buy more.
UNSPOKEN: Only one banana remains untouched. We got rid of the gelified bananas, and then we ate the rest.
Kurisu: Sorry, Mayuri-san. I’ll go buy you some new bananas later.
Mayuri: Really? Yay♪ Okarin and Daru-kun eat my bananas, but they never buy new ones...
UNSPOKEN: I’ll be sure to amend that in the future. A bunch of bananas is a small price to pay in order to bring chaos to the world. Kurisu picks the last banana off the stem, leans under the table, and places it inside the microwave.
Kurisu: First, let’s see if it’ll become a jellyman. Agh!
UNSPOKEN: She tries to get up and gloriously bangs her head underneath the table.
Rintaro: Trying for the clumsy girl appeal?
Kurisu: It was an accident!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up, blushing in embarrassment with tears in her eyes.
Kurisu: Put the microwave somewhere else! It’s dangerous and hard to reach like this.
Rintaro: It’ll punch through the floor if we put it on the table.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, Chris-chan! Pain, pain, go away♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pats the back of Kurisu’s head, then sweeps her hand through the air.
Kurisu: Thanks, Mayuri-san.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pulls herself together, types on her phone, and activates the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The banana inside the microwave slowly begins to spin backwards as the timer counts down.
Kurisu: Ah!