Rintaro: Aren’t you working today?
Suzuha: Of course I am. Why else would I be here?
UNSPOKEN: You’re polishing your bicycle even though you’re at work? I mean, I guess the store barely has any customers. To put it bluntly, was there even a need for a part timer?
Kurisu: What, is she still tinkering with that bike of hers?
UNSPOKEN: I can hear Kurisu’s sour voice from inside the lab.
Kurisu: She was there when I came in, glaring at me.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like they’re still fighting.
Rintaro: Hey, Part-Time Warrior! Where’s Mister Braun?
Suzuha: Mister Braun? Who’s that?
Rintaro: The manager of that junk shop you work at.
Kurisu: It’s not a junk shop. It’s a CRT specialty shop.
UNSPOKEN: My assistant’s so picky. Junk shop was just a joke to add a little Hououin Kyouma spice to the mix.
Suzuha: Oh, so that’s who you meant. Ahaha.
Nae: Daddy’s name isn’t Mister Braun.
UNSPOKEN: The little girl diligently corrects us on her father’s name. She must not get the joke.
Suzuha: The boss is on a service trip! I don’t think he’ll be back for a while!
Rintaro: Wh-what!? Is that true!?
Suzuha: It’s true! I wouldn’t be slacking off like this otherwise! Ah, Nae, don’t tell the boss I said that, okay?
Nae: Then let me ride your bicycle.
UNSPOKEN: It’s a blessing from the gods! I give my gratitude to Part-Time Warrior and shift my attention back inside.
Rintaro: You heard her. This must be the choice of Steins Gate. Mister Braun is currently absent. In other words, we can experiment to our heart’s content!
Kurisu: That doesn’t solve the problem, you know.
Rintaro: I’m telling you, it’s the choice of Steins Gate.
Itaru: Whatever. I want to try out the PhoneWave 2nd Edition v1. 03.
Mayuri: Second attention verse erosion?
Itaru: 2nd Edition v1. 03.
UNSPOKEN: How did we get to 1. 03?
Rintaro: Enough of your unsophisticated names. The upgraded version shall be known as Heavenly Merry-Go-Round.
Kurisu: The name doesn’t matter. Let’s just start the experi--
UNSPOKEN: The sound of a camera interrupts our quarrel. Moeka has her phone pointed at us. How many times have I told her not to take pictures!?
Moeka: ...You looked like you were having fun.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles happily. Daru doesn’t react. Kurisu turns away in a huff.
Kurisu: Hardly. I’m fed up with these people and their fooling around.
Itaru: This assistant is such a tsundere.
Kurisu: Who are you calling a tsundere!?
Itaru: Oh? Makise-shi, you know what tsundere means?
Kurisu: ...N-no.
Rintaro: I think you do. It’s written all over your face.
Kurisu: Mmmgh...