Rintaro: 30 seconds? Really?
Mayuri: Yup. You suddenly ran over to the PhoneWave, then you took out your phone and started going ’haaah haaah!
Itaru: Say that again, Mayushii.
UNSPOKEN: Daru calls out from the lounge.
Mayuri: Huh? You started going haah haah?
Itaru: The haah haah part!
Mayuri: Haah haah!
Itaru: More sexy this time!
Kurisu: Stop it, perv.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru are exchanging their usual banter. How can these guys be so calm? I just sent a mail that may have changed the past. Why aren’t they interested in the result?
Rintaro: Th-that’s right, the mail!
UNSPOKEN: I quickly check my mail.
Rintaro: The mail arrived a week ago.
Mayuri: Hm? What’s going on?
Rintaro: The money! Did I win the LOTO SIX?
UNSPOKEN: I search my memories, but turn up nothing. No memories of buying a ticket. No memories of winning 3rd place. Nothing.
Rintaro: Hey, Celeb Sev, did I win 3rd place?
Kurisu: Don’t call me Celeb Sev! And 3rd place of what?
Rintaro: ...what?
UNSPOKEN: Again, this feeling of disconnect. I approach Kurisu, who’s lounging on the sofa.
Rintaro: What did you say just now?
Kurisu: Wh-what?
Rintaro: What the hell did you say just now!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glares back at me.
Kurisu: Got a problem? I asked what, and then you just--
Rintaro: Not that! You said ’3rd place of what’, right!? I mean 3rd place of LOTO SIX!
Kurisu: What?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a puzzled look. It doesn’t seem like she’s messing with me.
Rintaro: Daru! I sent myself the winning LOTO SIX numbers just now. Didn’t I?
Itaru: Holy crap!
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s eyes light up.
Itaru: That’s brilliant, man! We can use D-Mails to make ourselves billionaires! I could buy all the computer parts I want and go to MayQueen for every meal of the day! I AM SO PUMPED UP!
UNSPOKEN: ...This is wrong.
Rintaro: Mayuri, you were gonna buy a truckload of bananas... right?
Mayuri: A truckload? Who’s gonna fill it up?
UNSPOKEN: ...This is wrong. I look at Moeka. She’s staring at the floor like usual, but I don’t miss the confused glance she throws my way.
Rintaro: Wait! What happened to stage two of Operation Urd!?
Kurisu: By stage two, you mean an experiment to see if we can change the past, right?
Rintaro: R-right! That’s it!
Itaru: Yeah, that’s why we’re all thinking.
Rintaro: What?
Mayuri: About what to send, so we can tell if the past has changed.
Itaru: I think we should definitely go with Okarin’s LOTO SIX idea.
Mayuri: Mayushii thinks we shouldn’t be so greedy for dough. Ah, but when I say dough, I don’t mean like for baking.
Kurisu: I think we all know what you mean.