UNSPOKEN: I leave Suzuha to her fate and return to the lab. I need to get in touch with Titor as quickly as possible. He might be able to give me the answers I seek. He might even be able to explain the event that I witnessed a few days ago -- the instantaneous disappearance of everyone on the streets of Akiba. When I burst into the lab, everyone looks at me with concerned expressions. Mayuri starts to speak, presumably to console me, but I put my hand up to stop her.
Rintaro: Wait! We’ll talk when everything’s over.
UNSPOKEN: I explain that we can’t experiment anymore now that Mister Braun is back. Then I dismiss everyone for today.
Mayuri: Um, I’ll buy more bananas tomorrow, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri picks her Upa plush toy off the sofa and hands it to me.
Mayuri: So for now, hug this little guy suuuuper tight and cheer up, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s worried about me. But she shouldn’t be. It’s my job to worry about her. She has work after this, so she leaves. Daru goes with her, probably to see Faris. Before he leaves, Lukako apologizes again for messing up the LOTO SIX ticket. He knows about the time machine now. Next time I see him, I’ll make him a lab mem to secure his silence. Moeka leaves with nothing more than a tiny bow. In less than 30 minutes, Kurisu and I are the only ones left in the lab.
Rintaro: Hey, assistant. You’re not going back to your hotel?
Kurisu: Is there a problem?
Rintaro: No, no problem. I was just wondering what you were still doing here.
Kurisu: Nothing. I just wanted to think for a bit.
Rintaro: Can’t you think at your hotel?
Kurisu: What? You’re kicking me out?
Rintaro: Ahh, I get it. You’d be lonely in your hotel room, but you have no friends, so you want me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to look after you. Isn’t that right, you spoiled Celeb Sev?
Kurisu: You’re the lonely one, aren’t you? You’ve been acting gloomy all day. Do you need some advice? I’m an outsider, in a sense, so it should be easier to talk to me, right? A man getting advice from a younger woman is kind of *mumble mumble*, but if you’re fine with that, then just ask away.
UNSPOKEN: Why does she have to be such a smart-ass? She even has a mocking grin on her face.
Rintaro: I need to send some emails. If you insist on staying here, then be quiet and stay out of my way. Okay, Zombie?
Kurisu: Of all your stupid names, that one’s the worst.
UNSPOKEN: Despite her complaint, Kurisu makes no move to leave. She sits down on the sofa and starts reading a massive technical book. On closer inspection, I realize it’s in English. Maybe my assistant isn’t a genius, but just an extreme studier.
Rintaro: Want some coffee?
Kurisu: Sure.
UNSPOKEN: I make some instant coffee for Kurisu. I take a fresh Dr P out of the refrigerator for myself and sit down in front of the computer. Alright, let’s do what needs to be done. I only hope this doesn’t get undone too. My plan is to follow Suzuha’s advice. Get in touch with Titor. After all, what I’m experiencing right now could have something to do with the many-worlds interpretation. Which would mean that the Kurisu sitting over there isn’t the same Kurisu with whom I discussed the LOTO SIX. And it would mean that this lab isn’t the lab where we discussed it. How can that be?
Kurisu: What’s wrong with you? Stop fidgeting.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glares at me coldly. Dammit. She’s looking at me like I’m a perv again. I keep telling her I’m not a perv. I’m Hououin Kyouma. Anyway, why am I the only one who remembers what happened? That’s another question I’ll ask John Titor. I don’t know if he’s a real time traveler, but he did help with the IBN 5100, so I’m inclined to trust him. But what should I write? Should I tell him everything? In any case, worrying about it won’t solve anything. Enough stalling. I take out my phone. I sigh and chug my soda. Now to wait for his reply. I check the @channel thread just to make sure, but Titor hasn’t posted recently.
Kurisu: That was a pretty heavy sigh.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says without lifting her eyes from her book. Maybe I should tell her about how that D-Mail changed the past. And about how she seems to have lost her memories about it. Why am I considering talking to Kurisu? Because I don’t think Mayuri or Daru would understand this problem. Kurisu, on the other hand, might be able to form a hypothesis. That’s what I hope. Just then, my phone rings. Is it Titor? Titor’s calling me!? Startled, I look at my phone’s display. It’s Daru. I click my tongue in disappointment. Don’t scare me like that.
Rintaro: Christina. There’s something I want to talk to you about.
Kurisu: Shouldn’t you answer your phone first?
Rintaro: It’s Daru. It’s probably something stupid.
UNSPOKEN: Before he left, Daru said he was going to MayQueen. He had a silly grin on his face. There’s no way he’d suddenly call me for something serious.
Kurisu: You’re really self-righteous, you know.
Rintaro: You might not remember this, but earlier, I changed the past with a D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at me. Her expression is more stern than usual.
Kurisu: ...I haven’t known you long enough to tell whether you’re serious.
Rintaro: It happened. And then everyone except me forgot about it. Or rather, the fact that it happened was erased from history.
Kurisu: The past changed, so the present changed with it? The Butterfly Effect, huh. But what you’re saying is nonsense.
Rintaro: Why do you say that?
Kurisu: Why do you remember that the past changed? If you used a time machine to physically travel to the past and change history, then that might explain it -- barely. But with a D-Mail, you haven’t taken one step outside the present, have you?’ So if the present changed, and we changed with it, you would have to change too. Or are you saying you didn’t change because you’re the observer? In that case, you’re claiming that you’re not a human being.