Rintaro: Oh, it’s you. You’re with Daru, right? You don’t have to lend that dumbass any money, okay?
Mayuri: Um, okay♪ So, Okarin, I was wondering if you cheered up. Did you hug Upa like I said?
Rintaro: No! I am a mad scientist full of madness and ambition!
Mayuri: That’s good! You know, if you’re worried about anything, talk to Mayushii, okay? Mayushii doesn’t understand hard things, but she does understand Okarin♪
Rintaro: You understand me?
Mayuri: Sure! We’ve been together since we were little, after all. Ehehe!
Rintaro: ...Hmph. I’m hanging up. Work hard now.
Mayuri: Thanks! Bye!
Rintaro: ...Hmph, she thinks she knows me.
Kurisu: Okabe. You’re grinning.
Rintaro: ...!! N-nonsense, Celeb Sev!
Kurisu: Don’t call me Celeb Sev!
UNSPOKEN: I was going to tell Kurisu the truth, but now I’ve changed my mind. The mad scientist Hououin Kyouma would never grin at the words of a mere hostage like Mayuri.
Kurisu: You look like a girl in love waiting for an email from her boyfriend.
UNSPOKEN: She sure likes to attack me for every little thing.
Rintaro: Are you really that desperate for attention?
Kurisu: Just getting revenge. You’re always making fun of me, so I deserve at least this much.
Rintaro: Despite what you may think, I actually respect you.
Kurisu: That’s rich. You don’t even say my name right.
Rintaro: I’m sorry about that.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts her face and stares at me in shock.
Kurisu: Well, that’s unexpected... You actually apologized.
Rintaro: I do apologize. But I can’t help it. For my brain has recorded you as my assistant, Christina, and I cannot correct it! MUHAHAHAHA!
Kurisu: I’m gonna crack your skull open and stick electrodes in your hippocampus.
UNSPOKEN: Right after that silly exchange, John Titor’s mail arrives. I quickly open the mail.
Kurisu: Who are you talking to?
Rintaro: John Titor.
Kurisu: Huh? No way.
Rintaro: He’s open to discussion as long as you’re not trying to troll him, and his mail address is public. This is the second time we’ve exchanged mails.
Kurisu: No wonder you keep referencing Titor’s posts. You believe him, don’t you?
Rintaro: Not entirely. But there are several points in his story I do agree with.
Kurisu: Really? I can’t see it as anything but fiction.
UNSPOKEN: The tone of Titor’s mail has suddenly changed. He thinks I have some kind of power? First, I feel a sense of pride. Next comes apprehension. Could this be a trap? In the first place, I can’t confirm if this is the real John Titor. And I don’t even know if the John Titor from 2000 was really a time traveler. If Titor’s worldline theory holds, then that could explain the supernatural events I’ve experienced. But this last statement is pretty hard to swallow. As soon as I begin to doubt, all of his words start to smell like lies. That stuff about the IBN 5100 might have been a lie too. That mysterious program code could be just a simple bug. Now that he claims I have special powers, he’s starting to sound like some new-age con artist. And besides, I don’t need Titor to tell me that.
Rintaro: Muhahahahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks at the sound of my laughter.
Kurisu: D-don’t just start laughing like that. It’s creepy.
Rintaro: Hehehe, but I must! He says I have powers! Isn’t that rich!? You don’t have to tell me what I already know, John Titor!
UNSPOKEN: I snap my eyes open wide. I raise my phone high to the heavens.
Rintaro: My true power... is the magic eye, ’Reading Steiner’!
Kurisu: Sounds to me like you’ve got a bad case of chuunibyou.
Rintaro: Eh?
Kurisu: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hides her face in her book. She pretends to read, but I can see from here that her ears are bright red. How does she know about chuunibyou? Is she an @channeler after all? No, that doesn’t matter now. I need to reply to Titor. Ok, now it’s getting creepy. Is this some new cult? Or is he really trying to con me here? He’s also contradicting himself again. The Titor who appeared in 2000 said he traveled back in time to retrieve technology lost in World War III. Yet this guy’s saying he came to prevent the creation of a dystopia ruled by SERN. This guy might be an impostor. I’m fed up, so I quit replying. But just as I’m about to put away my phone--
Rintaro: ...Tch.
UNSPOKEN: Another mail comes. I open up my phone reluctantly while enduring Kurisu’s cold glare. And what I read there... Raises the hairs on the back of my neck. What is this? Fear? Disgust? I don’t know, but something is very wrong.
Rintaro: John Titor is a fraud!
UNSPOKEN: I scream at the absurdity. Daru and Kurisu give me exasperated stares, but I ignore them.
Rintaro: Me, the Messiah? Hmph. Ludicrous! To think that I would save humanity! I am no Messiah! I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma, who has walked through fire and bathed in an ocean of blood to escape the clutches of the Organization! My desire is chaos unending. Do you think that destroying the System will bring peace to the world? The answer is no! No, I say! Death to the naive fools who believe such lies! The collapse of authority means that lawless CHAOS shall reign! MUHAHAHAHA!
Itaru: Um, Makise-shi? What the hell happened to Okarin?
Kurisu: Beats me. A few hours ago, he was exchanging emails with John Titor, and then he suddenly got quiet. And then he started ranting. He’s been like this for half an hour.
Itaru: He’s been acting strange all day, don’t you think?
Kurisu: Agreed.
Rintaro: Listen up, lab mems! It’s time to resume Operation Urd!
Itaru: Seriously? The manager’s still downstairs, you know?
Rintaro: Fret not. It’s almost closing time for the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: The PhoneWave doesn’t work at night, remember?