UNSPOKEN: It’s the most popular model, but she wants her old one back? I guess hardcore phone users have other concerns besides fashion.
Rintaro: So, Finger.
Mayuri: Um, why do you call Moeka-san ’Finger’?
Rintaro: That’s the name of her esper power. Kiryu Moeka, I dub thee Shining Finger! Use this name with pride.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka shakes her head expressionlessly.
Rintaro: What? You don’t like it? But it’s such a cool name. What’s the problem!?
Mayuri: Moeka-san is Moeka-san. Her fingers don’t shine or anything...
Itaru: Don’t feed the trolls, Mayu-shi.
Rintaro: I’m not trolling, just naming her power.
Kurisu: Cut the chatter and get started.
UNSPOKEN: Gh, dammit. You’re just an assistant. Don’t boss us around!
Itaru: What if the manager says something?
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don’t be afraid of Mister Braun! If he storms in yelling, I’ll kick him to the curb!
Itaru: Seriously? Okarin, you’re so cool! That’s why we love you!
Kurisu: He’s just talk.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll be the adult and ignore Kurisu’s insult. Moeka has already written her 36-byte mail. When I look at Moeka to see if she’s ready, she nods faintly. We set the timer to 100 seconds. The D-Mail should arrive at Moeka’s phone four days ago -- July 31st.
Rintaro: PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!
UNSPOKEN: About 15 seconds after activation, the discharge phenomenon occurs. I glance at Moeka. She nods grimly, an unusual show of emotion. And then, she presses the button. The world twists into unrecognizable shapes. The floor is shaking. Or is it me? My vision blurs and loses color.
Rintaro: Guh!!
UNSPOKEN: The world lurches. I struggle to keep my balance. As I brace myself against further shaking, I try to analyze what I’m experiencing. This is far more intense than what happened when we sent the D-Mails yesterday. And yet, I’ve felt it before. I remember. This is what I felt right before the mass disappearance phenomenon. The shaking stops. I relax my body and look around. Has the past changed? Of course it has. That bizarre sensation just now was proof. I look around the room. The PhoneWave (name subject to change), which should have about 90 seconds left on the timer, is silent. Daru’s here. Mayuri’s here. Kurisu’s here. ...Where’s Moeka?
Rintaro: Where’s Shining Finger? Where’d she go?
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Kurisu, who are discussing something in front of the X68000, look at me strangely. Ah... Again. This feeling of wrongness. It’s the same as yesterday.
Kurisu: Shining what?
Itaru: Okarin. Japanese please.
UNSPOKEN: I leave the development room and check the lounge, behind the sofa, in the dressing room, the bathroom, and the shower room. I look out the window at the street below. But Moeka is nowhere to be found. She’s... gone. No way. This is exactly what happened on the streets of Akiba. Why did she disappear!? Because I experimented on her!? Where did she go!? Did I erase her from history!? Did I banish her into the space between dimensions!? I start quivering in horror at the magnitude of my error. In a daze, I step up to Mayuri, who’s eating a banana. I grab her shoulders and shake her.
Rintaro: Where’s Kiryu Moeka? She was here just now, wasn’t she!?
Mayuri: Uhwhaaa? Whoooo?
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka!
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Kurisu give me strange looks as well.
Itaru: Who’s that?
Kurisu: Never heard of her.
Rintaro: ...No way.
UNSPOKEN: So I did erase Moeka’s existence... No... that can’t be. I won’t accept that I killed her!
Kurisu: Did it happen again, Okabe?
Rintaro: What do you mean, ’again’?
Kurisu: Something like this happened yesterday. You remembered something we didn’t. Uh, what did you call it? Oh yeah, Reading Steiner.
UNSPOKEN: Yes, that’s the name I gave this phenomenon -- or rather, to my ability to perceive it. When the worldline changes, everyone’s memories are reconstructed to match. That’s what John Titor said. But somehow, I alone retain my memories even after the past changes. I named this power Reading Steiner. Kurisu remembered. To tell the truth, I just made it up out of thin air. But now that Moeka has disappeared, I want to believe that this power is real. It’s only their memories of Moeka that disappeared! Not Moeka herself! I need to contact Moeka. I need to make sure I didn’t erase her very existence. But I don’t know her phone number. The only way to contact her is by mail. I send her a message saying Reply the second you read this email. Now all I can do is wait for her reply. Please, reply...
Mayuri: Are you okay? You’re really pale.
Rintaro: Y-yeah... I’m fine.
UNSPOKEN: In fact, I’m anything but fine. I’m fighting desperately to deny the possibility that I might have erased Moeka from existence.
Rintaro: ...Assistant, how much do you remember about the experiment we just did?
Kurisu: I don’t remember doing any experiments today. You sent a D-Mail just now, didn’t you?