Kurisu: ...I don’t know. No one has experienced a time paradox, after all.
Rintaro: But before, didn’t you say something like the world would disappear?
Kurisu: All I said was that that was one theory. Maybe nothing happens, and like in a certain movie, history gets amended to accommodate the paradox. According to Dr. Hawking’s chronology protection conjecture, it’s impossible to do anything that might cause a time paradox in the first place.
UNSPOKEN: So all we have are theories...
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii doesn’t really understand... But we’re all fine now, right? I don’t think that paradox thing happened. Mayushii doesn’t know who Moeka-san is, but I’m sure she’s okay too♪
Itaru: That’s Mayu-shi for you. A cute dumb girl.
Mayuri: Ehh? Mayushii’s not dumb!
UNSPOKEN: I’m amazed that Mayuri and Daru can have such a carefree conversation despite all that’s happened. They don’t realize the gravity of the situation. We might have erased someone’s very existence! In fact, if Moeka really has vanished, then that means the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is also responsible for the mass disappearance phenomenon I witnessed in Akihabara. What if I erased all those people? I don’t want to consider such a frightening possibility, so I desperately shake the thought out of my head.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: A mail! Is it Moeka!? I check the mail with hope in my heart.
Rintaro: ...Ha, haha.
UNSPOKEN: My body goes limp from relief. A reply. She sent a reply. Moeka still exists. She didn’t disappear. Relief washes away my fear. My eyes fill with tears. Not because I was worried for Moeka, but because I thought I might be responsible for the horror of erasing someone’s existence.
Kurisu: Explain what happened, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Urged by Kurisu, I explain everything that just happened.
Kurisu: Hmmm. ...Honestly, I’m not surprised she disappeared from the lab.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: I don’t know the details, but when the past changed, Kiryu-san’s actions these past four days changed ever so slightly. As a result, the timeline was reconfigured so that Moeka-san didn’t come to the lab today.
UNSPOKEN: So that’s why it looked like she teleported? I’m reminded of the teleporting gelbana, but I guess it’s not the same thing. Moeka didn’t become a jellyman, after all.
Itaru: Is that even possible?
Kurisu: I don’t know. If the fact that the D-Mail was sent is undone, then it becomes a paradox of who sent that D-Mail... And there’s one other thing that I don’t understand.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: What you call Reading Steiner. By the way, you should quit it with that name. It’s stupid.
Rintaro: Hmph, I didn’t ask for your opinion.
UNSPOKEN: I’m finally able to joke with Kurisu again. Well, maybe she wasn’t joking. But that’s none of her business.
Kurisu: By your explanation, you neither sent nor received the D-Mail. Yet how come you’re the only one who remembers what happened before the worldline changed? What if it’s all in your head?
Itaru: Like an imaginary girlfriend. I get it.
Rintaro: No you don’t. I’m not a ’gentleman perv’ like you, creating imaginary relationships.
Kurisu: Maybe this Kiryu-san never existed. Or maybe Kiryu-san does exist, but the fact that she sent a D-Mail was something you made--
Rintaro: Gwaaaah!
Kurisu: ...eh?
UNSPOKEN: I fall to my knees and press my hand against my left eye.
Rintaro: Ugh, ggh... my left eye, Reading Steiner, it aches!
Mayuri: Okarin, are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri peeks anxiously at my face. But I lightly push her aside.
Rintaro: No, Mayuri! S-stay away! I don’t... want to hurt you!
Mayuri: But Okarin, you look like you’re in pain...
Itaru: ...He’s messing with us, right?
Kurisu: Y-yeah...
Rintaro: I-I’m okay... This aching is normal... it’ll end soon! As long as I have this magic eye... the Organization will keep coming after me! It’s the power to see across time and space... but at the same time, it’s a double-edged sword! Because of this all-seeing eye... I have lost my connection to causality. I drift alone in the space between worlds. But even so... I swore to protect this lab! So quiet thy fury, Reading Steiner! Your time will come... but not yet.
UNSPOKEN: I kneel and press my head against the floor. And then I take a deep breath, and gradually remove my hand from my left eye. Mayuri rubs my back.
Mayuri: Okarin? Does it hurt?
Rintaro: No... I’m okay now.
UNSPOKEN: I stand up. Then I shoot Kurisu a sharp glare.
Kurisu: W-what? That was just an act, right?
Rintaro: You are wrong, Christina. Our experiments have already proven... That I... That my Reading Steiner is genuine!
Kurisu: Fine, I get it. You’re a chuunibyou patient.
Itaru: Eh?
Mayuri: Hm?
Kurisu: Ah... Wh-why are you all staring at me? Don’t look at me!
UNSPOKEN: In any case, I’ve successfully deflected Kurisu’s questions about Reading Steiner. I don’t feel able to answer right now. My emotions are a jumble, just as they were after Titor called me the Messiah. An unknown power sleeps within me. The thought sends a chill down my spine. I sit on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop, staring into the night sky. I try sorting out what happened this afternoon. But it’s impossible. The more I think about it, the more confused I get. And then I hear footsteps coming down from the second floor. Soon, Mayuri and Kurisu emerge.
Rintaro: Going home?
Mayuri: Yup.
Kurisu: Do you always stay the night here?
Rintaro: Pretty much. I wouldn’t be a true mad scientist if I couldn’t stay overnight at my lab, immersed in research.
Kurisu: I think you’re putting too much emphasis on appearances.
Mayuri: But you know, this place is really convenient. Mayushii would stay over if mom and dad let me.
Kurisu: Y-you would?
Mayuri: And it’s so close to work too♪ Hey, Chris-chan, why don’t we all stay over some time?
Kurisu: Sure, if the guys aren’t around.
Rintaro: That won’t happen.
Kurisu: Then why don’t you come to my hotel, Mayuri-san?