Rintaro: Whew... Lukako. Foolish disciple of mine. From now on, you shall go into battle equipped with that costume and Samidare.
Luka: Eh...
Mayuri: Ehh? Kirari-chan doesn’t have a sword! He should carry an Upa instead♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, in high spirits, makes Lukako hold the Upa cushion. His lips tremble as he reluctantly accepts the cushion. He clearly doesn’t know what to do with it.
Rintaro: The Organization is making a move on Akiba.
UNSPOKEN: I pretend not to notice Lukako’s distress.
Rintaro: You are the guardian who protects this chaotic metropolis. Miko of Yanabayashi Shrine, now is the time for you to fulfill that duty! Understand, Lukako? This is the reason I’m so hard on you. You have a duty to protect this town!
Luka: Do I... really?
Rintaro: You certainly do! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Can you stop that vulgar laughter? I can hear you from outside. It’s embarrassing.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu enters the lab with those remarks. She’s coming in late, like she’s a company executive or something.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, tutturu♪
Rintaro: Mmgh!? You come here this late and dare insult me? And you call yourself my assistant!?
Kurisu: I’m not your assistant. Don’t make me repeat myself. Anyway! You’re the worst, toying with such a weak and innocent girl. Aren’t you ashamed of yourself?
Itaru: Toying with a weak and innocent girl, you say?
Kurisu: Don’t react to every little thing, you perv.
UNSPOKEN: That’s right. Christina doesn’t know Lukako’s a guy. Correcting it is a pain, so I don’t say anything.
Kurisu: At any rate...
Rintaro: Christina. Stop eying Lukako’s entire body from top to bottom like that.
Kurisu: I-I wasn’t doing that!
Mayuri: Do you like the costume, Chris-chan? It really suits Luka-kun, dontcha think?
Kurisu: Is this that cosplay thing I’ve heard about? It’s part of Japanimation culture, right? You’re very cute.
Luka: C-c-cute? No way...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s eyes get wetter and wetter.
Kurisu: Why are you crying? You look perfect, so you should be more confident.
Luka: Uuugh...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t know, so she’s not doing it intentionally, but I guess that makes things complicated for Lukako. I should change the topic for Lukako’s sake. While I am a mad scientist, I also happen to be a perfect gentleman!
Rintaro: Heh heh heh...
UNSPOKEN: I comb back my hair with my fingers.
Rintaro: Lukako! Tell us your wish.
Luka: Eh...?
Kurisu: That’s one hell of an acrobatic topic change.
Rintaro: Listen, Lukako! Your desires can become reality. Japan is a land of great spiritual power. It resides in every word that slips from your tongue! Now that you too have joined the otaku world, you need conceal your deepest desires no longer! Speak your wish with a true heart, and by the chaos that rules Akihabara, Steins Gate shall grant it!
Luka: My... wish?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako puts his hands together in front of his waist and bends his head slightly to the side. His cheeks turn light pink. His bashful, squirming appearance with wet, upturned eyes would make anyone who saw him either want to hug him real tight, or smack him upside the head. It’s that damn powerful.
Luka: Well... If I tell you... promise not to laugh?
Rintaro: There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Just proclaim it to the world!
Kurisu: Well yeah, no wish is embarrassing compared to the idiotic wish for chaos to envelop the world or whatever.
Rintaro: You, assistant! What kind of person laughs at people’s wishes!?
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii’s wish is to eat a ton of of yummy food, and to cover the lab with Upa goods, and to get Luka-kun to wear my costumes--
Rintaro: I’m not asking you.
Mayuri: But Mayushii wants ’Shota in the Gate’ to grant her wish too!
Itaru: ’Shota in the Gate’!? That mistake is god tier. Probably because it’s so... naughty.
UNSPOKEN: We all ignore Daru. Lukako puts his hands to his mouth and casts his eyes down. The same gesture as a (female) junior confessing her love to a (male) senior underneath a cherry tree. Cuteness overload! Must resist!
Luka: I want... to be a girl.
Kurisu: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is the first to react. Her expression is one of utter confusion. Well, that’s only natural. Not even I expected that, so I accidentally swallowed my muhahaha.
Luka: I don’t really... like how I look... I always thought... that if I were a girl... I could be a little more confident...
UNSPOKEN: So he has no confidence in himself. He’s prettier than any girl here. And yet, he has no confidence. I’m well aware of the reason for this. It’s because he’s a guy!
Kurisu: Wait. Wait a second.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts rubbing her temples.
Kurisu: Umm, what did she say?
Rintaro: Heh, heh, heh. Assistant mine -- no, Christina!
Kurisu: I’m not your assistant, and I’m not Christina!
Rintaro: You’ve made a grave error!
Kurisu: I have?
Rintaro: Don’t you understand? No, of course you don’t. How could you, with impure thoughts clouding your eyes!
Kurisu: Wh-what do you mean?
Rintaro: Allow me to explain. You called Lukako here a ’weak and innocent girl.’ But he’s not a girl at all. He’s a guy!
Kurisu: Is that some kind of joke?
Rintaro: It’s not a joke, but the naked truth as described in the Akashic Records! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at Daru and Mayuri as if seeking help, but they nod with a knowing look in their eyes. As for Lukako himself, he’s just hanging his head in shame.
Kurisu: ...Are you guys trolling me?
Rintaro: Eh?
Itaru: Eh?
Kurisu: ...Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly turns away as if to avoid my gaze. Then she walks up to Lukako.
Kurisu: Is what Okabe says true?
Luka: Y-yes... I’m... a guy...
Kurisu: N-no way! Someone this cute can’t be a boy!
Itaru: You’ve got it backwards. You’re supposed to say ’Someone this cute can’t be a girl.’
Kurisu: That’s not what I meant.