UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, unable to calm down after learning the truth, starts touching her own face and checking her hair in her pocket mirror.
Rintaro: Why, Christina. Is it such a shock to meet a man far more feminine than you?
Kurisu: I admit it. Compared to her... I mean, to him, I’m not as cute, I talk more rudely, and my attitude is worse... This is a three-day-coma level shock.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s seriously depressed.
Mayuri: Chris-chan’s cute too♪
Kurisu: Don’t try to comfort me. It just makes me feel worse.
Rintaro: Admitting your faults is the first step towards becoming stronger. You may one day become a splendid woman, Christina. You’re still young.
Kurisu: Who the hell asked you?
Rintaro: I take it back! You’re a stubborn fool who refuses to face the truth!
Kurisu: Shut up. I don’t want to hear that from you.
Luka: Um... sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako bows his head for some reason. His eyes are red and puffy. With such a cute girl -- err, boy -- on the verge of tears, Kurisu and I have no choice but to stop arguing.
Itaru: Welp, better get my trusty digicam...
Kurisu: Don’t try to sneak in a photo session, you perv!
Itaru: Anzai-sensei, I want to be a low angler...
UNSPOKEN: But still, it was just a whim to ask for Lukako’s wish. I hardly expected this to happen. So that’s how Lukako thinks of himself...
Rintaro: Lukako, how serious are you about that wish of yours?
UNSPOKEN: If he’s truly desperate, then having a sex-change operation is probably the best way to go. Judging by his current looks, Lukako could become the star of Tokyo’s LGBT community. No, screw that, he could even become a TV personality.
Luka: You know those stories where a guy magically turns into a girl overnight? Sometimes I wish that would happen to me. Ahaha... that’s stupid, isn’t it?
UNSPOKEN: Stop it with those puppy dog eyes! Are you that chihuahua from a certain popular commercial!?
Mayuri: Luka-kun, you’re so cute♪
Kurisu: S-So cute...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu’s been struck by Lukako’s cuteness too. The skimpy costume he’s wearing isn’t helping! It’s like dunking your brain in a vat of pure moe. Then you die. The scary part is that afterwards, you feel an irresistible urge to grant Lukako’s every wish. But as Lukako said, it’s going to be hard to find a nice, clean solution to his problem. And then, Kurisu clears her throat.
Kurisu: This reminds me of something I heard once.
Itaru: Exposition scene, go!
Kurisu: There’s a saying that if you eat a lot of meat when you’re pregnant, you’ll have a boy, and if you eat a lot of vegetables, you’ll have a girl.
Itaru: Source? Minmei Shobou?
Kurisu: I saw it on the internet.
Itaru: S-so that’s how you reply... well played.
Kurisu: Wh-what are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, it sounds like an old wives’ tale.
Mayuri: Really? I didn’t know that. So Mayushii and Chris-chan’s moms ate a lot of vegetables?
UNSPOKEN: Only Mayuri’s impressed.
Mayuri: Mayushii only eats Juicy Chicken Number One, so will her future child be a boy? Hey, do you think bananas count as vegetables?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is full of questions. I’ll leave her to them.
Rintaro: But what about primitive people who lived on hunting? If that theory is true, then they would have had too many boys and not enough girls. Humanity would never have made it this far.
Kurisu: I never said it was true. I just remembered hearing it somewhere. Don’t snap at every little thing.
Rintaro: I didn’t snap. Christina, feel like verifying that theory?
Kurisu: ...What are you implying?
Rintaro: Have you forgotten? We have the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!
Mayuri: PhoneWave-chan? It can tell if you’ll have a boy or a girl?
UNSPOKEN: No way in hell.
Kurisu: Wait... of course.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu’s got it. They don’t call her a genius for nothing.
Kurisu: We can send a D-Mail to Urushibara-san’s mother when she was pregnant.
Rintaro: Indeed. Something like ’Eat more vegetables!’
UNSPOKEN: Lukako, who doesn’t know what D-Mails are, and Mayuri, who’s just a little dumb, tilt their heads in confusion at the same time.
Rintaro: You think it’s worth a shot?
Kurisu: Well...
Rintaro: It’s too late to hide behind your goody-two-shoes mask, Christina. Your fate is to become a mad scientist, for you are an experiment-loving girl!
Kurisu: Who are you calling an experiment-loving girl!?
Rintaro: Am I wrong?
Kurisu: N-no, but...