Rintaro: Heh. Heh heh heh. Muhahaha!
Faris: Nyanya?
Rintaro: Fret not. Though physics and philosophy may deny us, our machine has made time travel possible! Am I correct, Daru!?
Itaru: Yeah. Yeah! That’s right!
Faris: Nyaa... looks like you guys have kicked reason to the curb, nya. But Faris wants to use the time machine too, nya. Can I, please?
Itaru: Sure! I’ll let you use it as much as you want, Faris-tan.
Faris: Really nya? Then it’s a promise, nya!
Rintaro: Daru, don’t decide things on your own!
UNSPOKEN: Faris springs up with joy and hugs Daru’s rotund body. That’s all it takes to make Daru look like he’s died and gone to heaven. After killing some more time at MayQueen, I leave Daru and head back to the lab. When I arrive, I find Kurisu sitting on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop, talking on her phone. 
Kurisu: What? You called me all the way to Japan, and now you-- ...I knew it. You never wanted to see me, did you? ...sniff.
UNSPOKEN: The street is dark and her hair is covering her eyes, so I can’t make out her expression. But from the sound of her voice, I can tell that she’s crying.
Kurisu: Why did you ask me to come here, then? Can you at least tell me tha--
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts her head in surprise. She must have noticed me. She falls into an awkward silence, then turns and walks away. It looked like she was crying. I wonder if she got into a fight. Who could have made her cry like that? Even a friendless, experiment-loving girl like her can get a boyfriend... No! There’s no way such an arrogant, abusive girl can have a boyfriend! But, then who was it? A sibling? Or maybe her father who she hasn’t seen in seven years? I’m afraid to ask. Kurisu’s scary when she snaps. The memory of her baleful glare sends a shiver up my spine. I hurry to the second floor. When I’m safe in the lab, I start browsing @channel. It doesn’t look like Titor has made an appearance today. The Titor craze that has dominated the occult board for the past week is starting to die down. In the end, it looks like I’m the only one who took Titor seriously. Just about everyone is skeptical of him now, especially the poster called KuriGohan and Kamehameha. Honestly, I can’t tell Titor’s true intentions either. Suddenly, I hear the door swing open. Startled, I turn to face the sound. Kurisu is standing there glaring at me. Her eyes are red. So she was crying. Why did she come back?
Kurisu: I... I...
Rintaro: Y-yeah?
Kurisu: I wasn’t crying or anything, okay!?
Rintaro: No, you were definitely crying.
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous! Where’s your proof!?
Rintaro: Your eyes are red.
Kurisu: Ugh...
UNSPOKEN: Her glare weakens for a second, but then returns at double the intensity.
Kurisu: I wasn’t crying, okay!?
Rintaro: You’re not being very logical, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: In fact, she’s not acting like herself at all. Did she come up here just to claim that she wasn’t crying? She should have just gone back to her hotel and cried into a pillow instead of coming here to make excuses.
Kurisu: Anyway, I wasn’t crying. Understand? End of discussion. Sniff.
UNSPOKEN: That sniffle tanked any credibility she might have had. Even now, instead of going back to her hotel, she plops onto the sofa and hugs Mayuri’s Upa plushie to her chest like a little girl. For the next few minutes, she just sits there, pouting and staring at the wall. If the TV were on, then we could have a little BGM for some distraction, but unfortunately, painful silence prevails. The only sounds are the whirring of the desktop’s hard drive and Kurisu’s occasional sniffle. Geez, what an annoying assistant. How are we supposed to get any science done like this?
Rintaro: Christina.
Kurisu: Shut up. Don’t talk to me.
UNSPOKEN: Your lips say don’t, but your aura says please. Maybe she’s begging for attention?
Rintaro: Listen. You don’t have to talk. Just listen. If there’s something troubling you, I’ll do everything in my power to help.
Kurisu: ...Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me blankly.
Rintaro: And it’s not just me. I’m sure I speak for Mayuri and Daru as well. So don’t hesitate to come to us. When you want to cry, don’t hold it in. Just let it out. We won’t reject you. We’ll hear you out.
Kurisu: Why...
Rintaro: Because you’re important to us. You’re our friend.
Kurisu: Ah... yeah...
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Kurisu blushes and hangs her head. She hugs Upa so hard, his face caves in.
Kurisu: ...I’m sorry. I was a little upset.
Rintaro: You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Just tell me when you’re ready. I’ll hear you out.
Kurisu: ...Okay.