Rintaro: Want to get something to eat on the way back? My treat.
Mayuri: Really? You never treat me.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, I’m in a good mood today!
Mayuri: Then how about Kitchen Jiro? Their minced cutlet is, um, god tier.
UNSPOKEN: She’ll get no argument from me.
Rintaro: Just leave it to me.
Mayuri: Yay! I love you, Okarin♪ Mayushii’s really happy!
UNSPOKEN: Well, at least she’s easy to please. Mayuri and I head for Kitchen Jiro. After that, I’ll see her safely to the station.  I spend the next morning doing laundry at the nearby laundromat. When I return to the lab just past noon, Daru, Mayuri, and Kurisu are all assembled.
Rintaro: Thanks for coming in on a Saturday. Your devotion to science makes me proud.
Kurisu: Yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply.
Kurisu: It’s the middle of summer, but instead of going on vacation, I’m stuck in this sauna with a bunch of pervs. Where did I go wrong?
UNSPOKEN: She’s really giving us a verbal beatdown.
Rintaro: Wipe your tears, you experiment-loving girl without a single friend.
Kurisu: I’m not crying! Besides, you’re the one who told us to be here.
Rintaro: Indeed. But the one who obeyed my orders and arrived on time... was you.
Mayuri: You know, Chris-chan is actually a very honest and hardworking girl. That’s what Mayushii thinks♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles as she eats some nuggets from McD’s.
Mayuri: That’s what makes her so adorable.
Kurisu: Eh, wha...!? How can this girl say something like that while eating a nugget...
UNSPOKEN: Don’t let it bother you. That’s just Mayuri’s nature. I’ve been with her for a long time, so I’m used to it.
Itaru: A yuri flag. I get it.
Kurisu: Please unget it.
Mayuri: Here, Chris-chan. Have a nugget.
Kurisu: Th-thanks...
UNSPOKEN: While listening to their heartwarming banter, I go to put my laundry on the table. However--
Kurisu: Don’t put that there. It’s filthy.
Rintaro: I just washed them!
Kurisu: Like I care. What kind of guy puts his underwear in a girl’s face? Have some decency.
Rintaro: If you’re that interested in my underwear, then just say so.
Kurisu: Wh-wha...! I’m not interested at all!
Mayuri: Come on, guys. No more talking about underwear. Mayushii’s trying to eat here, okay?
Itaru: How can you say that when you’re still shoveling nuggets into your mouth...
Rintaro: Don’t interrupt me!
UNSPOKEN: I end up putting my laundry in the changing room.
Rintaro: As I explained to Daru yesterday, I’ve noticed something about the results of our experiments! D-Mails have too many uncertain variables. We can never be sure what will happen when we send one.
Kurisu: It’s not like we can do anything about that. After all, the result is up to whoever receives the mail. Of course, if you can analyze the recipient’s psychology, then you might be able to manipulate them into doing what you want. Though that might be a bit too much for Hououin Underwear here.
Itaru: You just wanted to say underwear, didn’t you?
Rintaro: Underwear aside, the fact is that D-Mail is still far from complete.
UNSPOKEN: I need a more reliable time machine before I can expose SERN and the Organization and plunge the world into chaos.
Rintaro: And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I called you here today. The purpose of today’s Round Table Conference is--
Itaru: Another Round Table?
Kurisu: If you want a Round Table Conference that much, at least go buy a round table.
Mayuri: Remember what Okarin said, Chris-chan? The round table is in our hearts.
Kurisu: Mayuri-san, you’re really innocent. But you shouldn’t take everything Okabe says seriously.
Mayuri: Really?
Rintaro: The round table doesn’t matter now. More importantly, the purpose of today’s meeting... Is to explore methods of true physical time travel, not just D-Mail, with the objective of sending someone to the past like SERN has.
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous.
UNSPOKEN: That was fast. And she’s glaring at me even harder than she was during the whole underwear thing.
Kurisu: SERN has the best equipment in the world, and even after nine years, they still haven’t succeeded. We can’t possibly hope to accomplish something like that.
Mayuri: You’ll become a GelOkarin! Ehehe!
Itaru: Kinda sounds like Gero Froggy. Why did those things get popular, anyway?
Kurisu: This isn’t a laughing matter...
Rintaro: Isn’t it too early to give up? Haven’t we already succeeded with D-Mail, a first in human history?
Itaru: But we’re not the first. Didn’t SERN do it before us?
Rintaro: Humanity’s first time-traveling email. For we who have achieved that miracle, nothing is impossible!
Kurisu: Such baseless confidence. Anyway, wasn’t it just a coincidence that we discovered D-Mail? We still haven’t figured out what’s functioning as the lifter.
Rintaro: We just need to figure that out, don’t we?
Kurisu: It’s futile. How do you solve a problem that even SERN can’t figure out? If you can’t set the destination, then you don’t know where you’ll leap to.
Itaru: I’ll pass on leaping into deep space, thanks.
UNSPOKEN: That is a problem. If you can’t control where you’ll end up, your time machine is worthless.
Rintaro: Wait a second. We don’t set the destination when we send a D-Mail, yet it still arrives where it’s supposed to. How do you explain that?
Kurisu: Now that you mention it...
Itaru: You set the mail address, right? Isn’t that enough?
Kurisu: Is it? I don’t think a phone signal can be received from millions of kilometers away.
Mayuri: I bet you’d get a busy signal or something!
UNSPOKEN: I stare at my phone.
Rintaro: Maybe our cellphones are acting like black holes and white holes.
Kurisu: You shouldn’t speculate like that. You have zero basis.
Rintaro: Is it possible that we form a wormhole?
Kurisu: No wormholes have ever been confirmed to exist.