Kurisu: If you want to become GelOkarin, I’m not stopping you.
UNSPOKEN: Recalling the fate of SERN’s researchers makes my skin crawl. Kerr black holes. Ring singularities. Super gravitational space-time distortions. If you can adjust the lifter’s volume of electron injection, you might be able to make the ring singularities naked. But even SERN is having a hard time controlling the lifter. Even if we do figure out what’s functioning as the lifter in our time machine, I doubt we’ll be able to solve the problem easily. Meaning that at present, we can only send a mere 36 bytes of data. I wonder how much data there is in a human body. I bet it’s more than an exabyte...
Kurisu: It would be best to leave physical transfer aside for now. Sending data through time is an amazing feat by itself. We should be satisfied with what we’ve got.
UNSPOKEN: Sending data through time is enough, huh?
Rintaro: Such pessimism is unbecoming of a scientist sworn to uncover the secrets of the universe.
Kurisu: I’m telling you to know your limits. If you’re going to uncover the secrets of the universe, you need personnel, equipment, and funding to rival SERN’s. It’s one thing to set lofty goals, but this impoverished lab has no resources to speak of. I’ve been thinking. Maybe we should bring the PhoneWave to a proper research institution and entrust it to a specialist. SERN’s keeping their time machine research top secret, so if we make an official announcement, it’ll benefit the future of mankind.
Rintaro: ...If we make an official announcement, the Organization will become aware of my existence.
Kurisu: Oh come on! I’m being serious here. This isn’t the time for your childish--
Rintaro: And we’ve hacked into SERN. Those heartless bastards will do anything, even experiment on human beings. And behind them is a power greater than all the nations of the Earth. If we make the PhoneWave (name subject to change) public, they might have us erased.
Kurisu: ...You watch too many movies.
Rintaro: The name ’Committee of 300’ appeared in actual SERN documents.
Kurisu: Yeah, but...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s tone weakens.
Mayuri: Mayushii’s kinda scared...
Itaru: If they find out about our hacking, they’ll seriously have us killed. I didn’t make any mistakes that could give us away, of course.
Rintaro: Also, and this is the biggest problem--
UNSPOKEN: I lower my voice and look hard at each one of them in turn.
Rintaro: If we go public, we won’t be able to do cool stuff with D-Mails anymore!
Kurisu: Why you...
Rintaro: Muhahaha! No way I’m giving up such an awesome machine! I am Hououin Kyouma! The insane mad scientist who rules space and time! What I desire is -- that’s right -- CHAOS!
Kurisu: This guy’s hopeless. Better do something quick.
Itaru: Eh?
Rintaro: Hm?
Mayuri: Hwe?
Kurisu: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: Everybody freezes.
Rintaro: Christina. Are you an @channe--
Kurisu: Shut up! I’m not, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me her sharpest glare yet. Her eyes are so cold, my spine turns to ice. I nod and swallow what I was going to say.
Rintaro: Th-that reminds me, Daru. Have you made any progress hacking into SERN?
UNSPOKEN: He did say it would take time to learn how to use the IBN 5100. But I know he’s been coming to the lab every day to work on it. His monitor is always displaying some kind of program, and his fingers are always busy on the keyboard.
Itaru: Yeah, right now I’m combing SERN’s massive database. It would take years to read it all. For now, I’ve passed everything that looks important to Makise-shi for translation. Basically, I’ve gone as deep as I can go. SERN belongs to me now.
Rintaro: Thank goodness you’re on my side.
UNSPOKEN: If only you weren’t so weak to seduction.
Rintaro: Christina. Report on the status of these translations.
Kurisu: Can you stop talking like that? It’s pretentious and annoying as hell.
Mayuri: Hell☆
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a cute, idol-like pose and smiles for some reason.
Mayuri: Um, Chris-chan, as Okarin’s childhood friend, I promise you’ll get used to how he talks eventually.
Kurisu: I just hope it doesn’t take ten years...
Rintaro: So you’re saying you want to stay with me for ten years? In other words, you want to work at this lab for the rest of your--
Kurisu: It was sarcasm, get it? Sarcasm.
Rintaro: ...Oh. Give me your report, Christina. If you don’t, I’ll call you an ’@channeler’--
Kurisu: Didn’t you hear me the first time!?
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me again. My blood goes cold.
Kurisu: I’ve been working on the translation when I have time, but so far I haven’t seen anything new about time travel. It looks like SERN is still struggling to find a solution.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe they’ll have to wait another 24 years like Titor said.
Rintaro: Daru, any other results?
Itaru: Well, it looks like SERN’s in the middle of a big project, so the LHC’s at full operation. I’m trying to see if I can cut in and maybe use it secretly.
Kurisu: What? No way.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s stunned. Honestly, so am I.
Mayuri: Is that amazing?
Kurisu: It’s not amazing. It’s downright outrageous! Super Hacka, what a monster!
Rintaro: Hey, Christina. Are you doing that on purpose?
Kurisu: Ugh... d-doing what?