Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Again, this feeling of disconnect. The conversation isn’t making sense.
Rintaro: But I got you an IBN 5100. You haven’t started working on it yet?
Itaru: Huh? You got one? When?
UNSPOKEN: Puzzled, I look at Kurisu and Mayuri. Mayuri looks confused, like always. Kurisu meets my eyes and shrugs her shoulders.
Kurisu: First I’ve heard of it.
Rintaro: Impossible!
UNSPOKEN: That just can’t be! I dash into the development room. The IBN 5100 I borrowed from Yanabayashi Shrine should be on the shelf inside. It’s in a cardboard box, and it weighs 25 kilos, too heavy for a single person to carry. But when I go to look...
Rintaro: ...It’s gone.
UNSPOKEN: It’s no longer where I left it.
Rintaro: The IBN 5100 was right here! Where did it go!?
UNSPOKEN: Everyone looks at me in surprise.
Rintaro: Why are you staring at me like that!? The legendary PC that was donated to Yanabayashi Shrine!! You’ve seen it! Remember!?
Mayuri: I don’t remember.
Itaru: Donated to Yanabayashi Shrine? That’s stupid.
Kurisu: You sure you weren’t hallucinating? It’s hot these days.
UNSPOKEN: Despair drags me down like quicksand. We can’t hack that database without the IBN 5100! Who stole it? The Organization? SERN? SERN is a possibility. Maybe they noticed our hacking and stole the IBN 5100 from the lab. No no no. Even if they could steal the IBN 5100 from the lab, they can’t steal Mayuri and Daru’s memories of it! What happened!? Kiryu Moeka. Maybe I should check with her first. Could someone other than Moeka have stolen the IBN 5100? I consider the possibilities. The next name that comes to mind is--
Rintaro: Don’t tell me it was John Titor!? Of course! Titor’s goal was to obtain an IBN 5100! And I’ve already contacted him several times. But how did he get my personal information!?
UNSPOKEN: I send the mail to Moeka. I don’t know if I’ll get a response. Why am I sending her a mail like this? The reason’s obvious. I want to test her. If it was an inside crime, then Moeka’s the prime suspect, considering her strange attachment to the IBN 5100. I wait a while, but no reply comes. Of course, even if Moeka were the culprit, she wouldn’t just admit it.
Kurisu: Calm down. Tell us what happened. You don’t have to be precise. Just say whatever comes to mind. We can work it out later.
Rintaro: Y-yeah...
UNSPOKEN: I wipe my sweat with a handkerchief, then slowly explain the purpose of the IBN 5100 and how I came to obtain one. While I’m trying to decide whether I should send the mail, Kurisu tells me to calm down. A high school girl is chiding me... She dares make a fool of Hououin Kyouma!? Irritated, I explain the purpose of the IBN 5100 and how I came to obtain one. During that time, I also send Moeka a mail for confirmation.
Kurisu: Hmmm... The IBN 5100 may have disappeared as a result of changes someone made to the past.
Rintaro: Ohh! So you believe me!
Kurisu: But from my perspective, all of the D-Mails we sent so far were trivial.
Mayuri: Um, there’s that one we sent when we first realized PhoneWave-chan was a time machine, right?
Itaru: The one that said ’Okarin is a perv’.
Kurisu: And during the preliminary D-Mail experiments, I sent dozens to Okabe’s phone. But they were all insubstantial, so I don’t think they could’ve changed the past.
Itaru: I sent two of them when I was trying to win the match against Faris.
Kurisu: There was one more. The first mail Okabe accidentally sent that said I was dead.
Rintaro: But from my perspective, we sent several more.
Mayuri: You mean how you sent the winning LOTO SIX numbers? And how Luka-chan bought a ticket with those numbers, but didn’t win?
Kurisu: But nobody aside from Okabe remembers him sending it.
Rintaro: But I showed you guys afterwards. It was still in my phone’s arrival history.
Itaru: We were so close.
Mayuri: Is that all?
Rintaro: No. There’s more. Moeka and Lukako each sent a D-Mail.
Kurisu: Oh, right. That’s what you claim, but Hashida, Mayuri-san, and I don’t remember either of those.
Mayuri: Owww... Mayushii’s getting a headache...
Rintaro: I already told you guys. I’m the only one who keeps his memories after the world changes.
Kurisu: So according to your perspective, when did the IBN 5100 disappear? Did it just happen? When’s the last time you remember seeing it in the lab?
Rintaro: Well...
UNSPOKEN: I put my index finger to my forehead and search my memories. IBN 5100... IBN 5100...
Rintaro: I’m sure... it was August 3rd. I remember it being in the lab on August 3rd.
Kurisu: Are you certain?