UNSPOKEN: The two cute high school girls wave to me in greeting. By the way, one of these girls is actually a boy. In any case, the sight warms my heart -- or would, if not for a certain assistant who just gives me a bored look before going back to reading.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako are sitting next to each other on the sofa, reading a book together. It looks like a cosplay photo album.
Mayuri: Yesterday I went to Nakano to buy doujinshi, remember? While I was there, I found a photo album of a super cute cosplayer! So I splurged on it♪ Look, Luka-chan! This is a costume of Sedona from Blood Tune. It’s so detailed and cute!
Luka: It is!
UNSPOKEN: I see. She’s showing it to Lukako as part of his reeducation. To think that he was so reluctant to get involved in cosplay. Looks like Mayuri’s persistence has paid off. Actually, judging by his obvious interest in the photo album, maybe he was always interested in cosplay -- just too shy to cosplay himself.
Mayuri: Take a look, Chris-chan! It’s amazing!
Kurisu: I’m okay.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu’s not interested in the photo album. She just gives a cold hmph. Instead, she’s reading a difficult-looking English book. Dammit, this is no time to be showing off your intelligence. You’re going to make Mayuri cry if you talk to her like that. Or so I thought, but Mayuri doesn’t seem to mind, so I stay out of it.
Mayuri: Wow, look at these swimsuits! So much skin! She’s got a great figure, like a gravure idol.
Luka: Must be nice...
Mayuri: Nice? The swimsuits?
Luka: I... don’t have that great a figure...
Mayuri: Don’t worry, Luka-chan. I’m sure you’ll make our big friends breathe hard.
UNSPOKEN: Hey now, Mayuri. What are you saying? It’s like you’re referring to Daru with that remark.
Mayuri: And um, plenty of people like flat chests. So even if you don’t have breasts, you should still have confidence in yourself.
Kurisu: Khmmkhmmkhmm!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts choking on her coffee. I know how she feels. I almost did a spittake with my soda. Mayuri’s breasts are huge for her height, so her advice lacks a certain element of persuasion.
Mayuri: I know! Once ComiMa’s over, let’s all go on a trip to the beach! Mayushii’s been making costumes all summer. I haven’t had time to play at all. What do you think, guys? A lab mem beach trip!
Luka: Um... all of the lab mems?
Kurisu: I can’t go. I have to go back to America soon, and I haven’t even started packing yet.
Rintaro: Yes, I can see you’re in a rush. I bet you don’t even have time to lounge around and read.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu snaps her book shut and glares at me.
Kurisu: Fine, I’ll be blunt. There’s no way I’m swimming with two perverts like you! If it’s just the girl members, I’ll happily go.
Rintaro: Hmph. Be honest, Christina. You just don’t want me to see the Mongolian Spot on your butt!
Kurisu: I don’t have a Mongolian Spot!
Rintaro: Anyway, if it’s just the girl members, then doesn’t that rule out Lukako?
Kurisu: What’s that supposed to mean?
Rintaro: Didn’t we tell you earlier? Lukako is a bonafide guy!
UNSPOKEN: My declaration of the truth... Freezes the air instantly. ...Huh? There’s something off about their reaction.
Kurisu: You’re the worst. Where do you get off calling her a guy?
Mayuri: Yeah, Okarin. That’s a terrible thing to say.
UNSPOKEN: Even Mayuri condemns me. Lukako, meanwhile, turns pale and hangs his head so I can’t see his face. Is he... crying? Normally, he’d get depressed and say something about how embarrassed he’d be to wear a swimsuit, but he wouldn’t start crying...
Rintaro: Christina. I understand your desire to deny the truth. It’s difficult to imagine that a guy could ever be so cute, but--
Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s advances on me with a stern glare.
Kurisu: If you want to give me stupid nicknames, that’s fine -- I mean, it’s not, but... What you said just now is below the belt. I didn’t take you for the kind of guy who thinks it’s funny to hurt people’s feelings, but I guess I was wrong. You’re a real jerk, Okabe.
Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this tongue-lashing?
Kurisu: Apologize. Apologize to Urushibara-san right now.
Rintaro: Wait a second. I don’t have to apologize for anything. I just said the tru--
Luka: It’s okay.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako gets up from the sofa. His head is still hanging, and his voice is barely audible.
Luka: So that’s how Okabe-san sees me...
Rintaro: No no no! That’s not how I see you, Lukako. You’re a guy, remember!? Or are you denying reality too!?
Kurisu: You’re the one denying reality!
Mayuri: That’s right! Luka-chan’s a girl, Okarin. You’re terrible.
Rintaro: Mayuri, when did you start calling Lukako ’Luka-chan’ instead of ’Luka-kun’?
Kurisu: Cut it out already, Okabe! She’s a girl!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri nods in agreement. Uh... huh? What’s going on here? Is this some kind of prank?
Luka: I’m going home!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako tries to slip by me out of the lab. I grab his hand to stop him from leaving.
Rintaro: Hold it, Lukako! You can’t fool me! You’re as much a man as I am! And I know how to prove it!
UNSPOKEN: I pin Lukako’s arms and reach for his package. Let’s see what you’re hiding... down... Nothing.
Rintaro: Oh...?
Luka: ah...
Kurisu: You...