UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail that I thought had failed... Was actually a success!
Rintaro: You’re a girl!?
Kurisu: That’s what we’ve been saying!
UNSPOKEN: A half-second later, Kurisu cracks me over the head with her heavy textbook.
Luka: hic... ugg... egh...
UNSPOKEN: When my vision clears, Lukako is crying. Mayuri is rubbing her back comfortingly. Kurisu, meanwhile, is glaring down at me like I’m something she scraped off the bottom of her shoe. Daru, who arrived a moment ago, is in the corner, trying not to laugh. Honestly, I can’t blame him.  Righteous High School Girl Makes Perverted College Guy Beg for Forgiveness If I had to put a title to this scene, that’s what it would be. The top of my head is throbbing. Most likely because Kurisu wiped out a hundred million of my precious neurons, envied by scientists the world over. I put a moist towel to my head.
Kurisu: I want to vivisect your skull and remove your brain for a good washing. Then I’ll submerge it in culture fluid so you can never do anything like that again! Anyway, just be thankful I haven’t reported you to the police.
Rintaro: Yes ma’am. I’m sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Man, that was dumb. I didn’t think it would be gone. Lukako has become a girl. Her face hasn’t changed, and she’s flat as a board, but she’s definitely a girl. There’s no denying what my hand didn’t feel. I guess that ridiculous superstition was true. If you eat vegetables, you’ll have a girl. Does this count as a scientific breakthrough? Anyway, I’d better apologize to Lukako. I hope she doesn’t get PTSD because some pervert (me) groped her. I mean, she’s a 17-year-old girl now, and she was shy to begin with. I’ll need to be as gentle as humanly possible from now on. Honestly, I wouldn’t be surprised if she never spoke to me again. I have no one but myself to blame. I’ll just have to accept the consequences.
Kurisu: Anyway, what in the hell made you think that Urushibara-san was a boy?
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... as I already explained, we changed the past. Lukako was a guy, but he wanted to be a girl, so we sent a D-Mail to make his wish come true. And it worked! I knew the worldline had changed. My magic eye, Reading Steiner, saw the shift in time. But I chose to believe my mundane senses instead. I should have had more faith in my powers! I won’t make that mistake again.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu calmly readies her book above her head.
Kurisu: Want some more?
Rintaro: I’m telling the truth. You have to believe me! I can explain this phenomenon logically. When we sent the D-Mail, we changed the past, and all of history changed as a result. My brain perceived that change!
UNSPOKEN: I leap to my feet, overcome with excitement.
Rintaro: Out of all mankind, I alone can perceive changes in causality! I am this world’s observer!
UNSPOKEN: I look around, expecting to see awe on their faces.
Kurisu: Sit down before I hit you again.
UNSPOKEN: I do as I’m told.
Rintaro: Don’t you understand? I’m the observer, the one who opens the box holding Schrodinger’s cat.
Mayuri: Shredding Gar?
Itaru: Schrodinger’s cat again? The Japanese can’t get enough of that cat.
Kurisu: You’re Japanese too.
Itaru: I’ve had enough Schrodinger, thanks. I do admit that kittehs are cute, though.
Rintaro: Gh...
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s absolutely right. Whenever an anime wants to use quantum mechanics, the characters always talk about Schrodinger’s Cat.
Rintaro: Anyway, my magic eye has the power to perceive changes in the worldline. This power is called Reading Steiner, as I’ve explained.
Kurisu: And I told you that that name was stupid, remember? It’s Engrish, like something from a kid’s manga. Not to mention it’s a grammatical mess, and there’s also the fact that it’s half German, so no consistency there either. It’s stupid. The same goes for that ’Steins Gate’ thing you’re always talking about.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... looks like you’ve still got that Mongolian Spot on your butt. Eh, Christina? Names are all about feeling! My creativity, comparable to the great Da Vinci himself, cannot be held by the shackles of grammar! Muhah--
UNSPOKEN: She hits me again. I’m seeing stars.
Kurisu: Show a little remorse, huh?