Rintaro: So I can use your grief to power my time machine. Heh heh heh!
Suzuha: Ahaha! You really are a mad scientist. So eeeevil! If I meet my father, I’ll stop by. Then we can do a gun salute!
UNSPOKEN: She laughs happily. Then she starts pedaling...
Rintaro: Hey, wait! Let me on! Hey!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha doesn’t wait, leaving me with no choice but to run back to the lab.
Rintaro: I shall now brief you on Operation Eldhrimnir.
UNSPOKEN: The only lab mems here today are Mayuri, Kurisu, and Lukako. I couldn’t get ahold of Faris or Moeka. They must be busy. Daru, meanwhile, gave me some crap about having things to do. I was prepared for Lukako to refuse my invitation, but since she’s here, I guess she’s forgiven me -- for now, at least.
Rintaro: I want you guys to get ready for a party.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve already explained to the lab mems what Suzuha told me yesterday.
Kurisu: And what are you going to do?
Rintaro: Me? I’m going to follow that Part-Time Warrior and report back as the situation changes.
Kurisu: Don’t you dare. Let her be alone with her father.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. You shouldn’t be so quick to reject my plans, Christina. You don’t understand the intricacies of the human psyche. Now that you’ve rejected my plan, there’s no way I’m not going through with it! You have underestimated my pride!
Kurisu: Get over yourself.
Rintaro: Besides, Christina, you and she are enemies, are you not? You protect her from me while plotting her demise? That makes you a hypocrite!
Kurisu: You just don’t have standards, that’s all.
Mayuri: She’s right. I don’t think you should bother her, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Even during the strategy meeting, Mayuri keeps working on her costume. Lukako hasn’t agreed to wear it yet, but Mayuri’s enthusiasm remains strong.
Mayuri: No matter what happens, we need to give her a waaaarm welcome. I’ll do anything to help make this party super special.
Luka: Um, actually, I haven’t met this Suzuha-san...
Mayuri: Suzu-san’s really nice. I’m sure you’ll get along with her too!
Kurisu: Nice?
Rintaro: Anyway, I’m going to tail her now. You guys--
Kurisu: No! Get it through your thick skull!
Rintaro: Dammit, assistant! How dare you give me orders!?
UNSPOKEN: In the end, I can’t get permission to tail Suzuha.
Kurisu: Don’t even think about running off somewhere.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is forcing me to help her with the shopping. There’s no way out. Dammit... Kurisu really is turning into a class president character. At this rate, she might take over the lab. Wait. Could this be what Suzuha was warning me about? ...Nah.
Kurisu: Anyway...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu scratches her cheek in what could be taken for a bashful gesture.
Kurisu: I hope Amane-san finds her father.
Rintaro: Yeah.
Kurisu: That would be... nice.
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, she has father issues too, doesn’t she? Maybe she sympathizes with Suzuha.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu starts fidgeting for some reason.
Kurisu: I’m sorry about before.
Rintaro: Before?
Kurisu: When I hit you with my book. I thought you were just being a pervert. But when I thought about it later, I realized that you were being completely serious. But I acted on impulse, without even considering what you had to say.
Rintaro: Forget it. Regardless of my intentions, the fact of the matter is that I made Lukako cry.
Kurisu: Just to make sure, you’re not a perverted scumbag, are you?
Rintaro: Make sure, my ass! Are you trying to apologize or what!?
Kurisu: I just don’t want to you to use science as an excuse to be a pervert. Not while I’m helping, at least.
Rintaro: What do you take me for? My friends are precious to me. I may be an insane mad scientist with an IQ of 170, but even I have my limits. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) wouldn’t have come this far without you and Daru at my side.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: I am Lab Mem 001, the founder of the lab. If my friends are in danger, I’ll rush to their aid. And I would tear my own limbs off before I knowingly brought harm to any of you.
Kurisu: Pff...
Rintaro: What’s so funny?
Kurisu: That has to be the cheesiest thing you’ve ever said.
Rintaro: Hmph...
Kurisu: Still, it’s nice to hear. The research institute I work at in America is full of talented people from all over the world... but it’s not a friendly place. Everyone thinks he or she is the best. You think you have an ego? Over there, scientists hurl insults at each other on a daily basis. Sometimes they even sabotage each other’s work. When my thesis was chosen to represent the lab, many of the older men complained. And when I came back here as a kind of reverse exchange student, my classmates were all too afraid to talk to me. Compared to that, your lab is childish... but comfortable.
UNSPOKEN: ...Seems like everyone has their own problems.
Kurisu: You’re really concerned about Amane-san, aren’t you? That part of you, I can respect. B-but I’m not praising you, okay?
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly blushes for some reason.
Kurisu: I just... you know... thought you should know...
Rintaro: Maybe I...
Kurisu: Eh?
Rintaro: Maybe all I ever wanted was friends.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: There aren’t many people I can trust...
UNSPOKEN: After all, I am an insane mad scientist wanted the world over. My enemies are everywhere waiting to strike! Curse this incredible genius brain of mine! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: I, um... think of you as a friend too.
Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: You said I was your friend, remember? You said I was important to you. That made me really... happy, I guess.
Rintaro: Do you have a fever?
Kurisu: No! What the hell!? Here I am trying to find something decent about you, and you... I don’t care anymore, stupid! You’re really... stupid.