Rintaro: And that, my fellow lab members, brings us to the question. Can the PhoneWave (name subject to change) beat SERN to true physical time travel?
Kurisu: Two problems. One, setting the destination. Two, the lifter.
Rintaro: We’ve already established that the D-Mail arrives precisely when and where it’s supposed to.
Kurisu: ...It’s dangerous to accept that without verification.
UNSPOKEN: Agreed.
Rintaro: As for the lifter, we already know it exists. We just need to figure out what it is.
Kurisu: I don’t think we’re going to find it. The PhoneWave’s not exactly big, you know, and we’ve been poking at it for days without turning up a clue. Even if we do find it, it’ll take forever to learn how to tune the electron feed properly.
Itaru: How long is forever?
Kurisu: SERN’s been working on it for nine years and they still haven’t solved it.
UNSPOKEN: We’re just amateurs, so it’s bound to take even longer. ...Wait. I have an idea.
Rintaro: Let’s look at it from a different angle. SERN tried to send people back in time, but they couldn’t get the electron feed right. The singularities were not naked. It’s the same with the PhoneWave (name subject to change). You can only send 36 bytes of data safely. Otherwise, you get a Jellyman. Let’s consider the problem in reverse. What if we could convert a human to data, then compress that data into just 36 bytes? We could send that person through the ring singularity just like a D-Mail, couldn’t we!?
Itaru: Convert a human to data? That’s not even possible, man. And even if it were, there’d be like exabytes of data or something! You want to compress that into 36 bytes? Are you high?
Rintaro: Hmm... I thought it was a good idea...
UNSPOKEN: I guess it’s not that easy. The barriers to time travel are just too high. I turn to Kurisu, meaning to ask her opinion, and then I realize that her expression has changed dramatically. Her eyes are wide as saucers, and her mouth is hanging open.
Kurisu: Of course... If it works, then maybe...
UNSPOKEN: She pauses for a second, and then...
Kurisu: Maybe we can do it!
UNSPOKEN: Do what? Time travel? It’s hard to believe what Kurisu is saying, even though it was my idea in the first place.
Rintaro: Are you serious?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins triumphantly in response.
Kurisu: The data compression part, at least, is easy. We can just use the black holes created by the LHC, since black holes compress everything they swallow. Compression won’t harm data like it would harm a human. As long as we’re just sending data, there’s nothing to worry about.
UNSPOKEN: I get it! But wait, can we really pull off such a stunt? And besides...
Rintaro: How do you plan to convert humans into data?
Kurisu: You know that my thesis got published, right?
Rintaro: This is no time to flaunt your accomplishments.
Kurisu: Have you read it?
UNSPOKEN: I haven’t.
Itaru: I’ve got scans if you want to read it.
UNSPOKEN: Daru opens up his image folder, scrolls past tons of 2D porn, and opens up the scanned image. Sure enough, there’s Kurisu’s name in big English letters.
Kurisu: The title of my thesis is... ’Analysis of Memory-Related Nerve Impulses in the Temporal Lobe’
Rintaro: ...Temporal lobe? Nerve impulses?
Itaru: What, you didn’t know?
Rintaro: No, wait. This can’t be right. This title sounds like, um, neuroscience, not physics.
Kurisu: I’m a neuroscientist. Got a problem?
UNSPOKEN: What!? I can’t believe it. From the way she talks about particle accelerators and time travel theory, I was sure she had to be a physicist.
Rintaro: No, forget about that. How is this related to time travel?
Kurisu: Converting an entire human to data is impossible. But converting a human’s memories may be possible!
UNSPOKEN: Converting memories... to data? Kurisu proceeds to explain her thesis. Memories accumulate in something called the parahippocampal gyrus - or hippocampus - which is located in the temporal lobe of the brain. But what exactly are memories? Kurisu’s thesis analyzes that question from a neuroscientific perspective. All of the brain’s functions manifest as electrical signals running through its neurons. Even memories are written to the hippocampus by electrical signals. Kurisu analyzed how specific electrical signals correspond to specific memories. The mechanism by which humans recall memories can be likened to a word association game. You begin with a vague, abstract image, which calls successive images of increasing clarity.
Kurisu: Imagine a chest of drawers. Each drawer is filled with tiny boxes, and inside each box is another bunch of tiny boxes. You keep opening boxes until you find the memory you’re looking for.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu discovered that the number of retrieval commands -- nerve impulses used to search up memories -- is surprisingly low. Out of hundreds of millions of nerve impulse patterns in the brain, only a few thousand are related to memory. It was the successful analysis of these patterns that earned Kurisu and her research team critical acclaim in the scientific community.
Kurisu: Now, before you ask how this relates to time travel, there’s one more thing I need to explain. Several years ago, my lab -- the Neurophysiology Lab at Victor Condoria University -- developed a technology called Visual Rebuilding, or VR for short. Put simply, it enables conversion of video data into nerve impulse signals. Used in reverse, it can also convert nerve impulses into video data, or any other kind of electronic data. So, if we combine VR technology with my research... do you see where I’m going?
Itaru: ...No way.
Rintaro: We can convert memories into data?
Kurisu: Not just that. Memory transplantation, backups, external storage... all of those things become possible.