Kurisu: We can send our memories back in time. In order to differentiate it from physical time travel, let’s call it a ’time leap’ for now. You don’t go back, just your memories. It’s so crazy that nobody’s thought of it before.
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. The idea is ridiculous, which is exactly why none of the geniuses at SERN could come up with it. But this union of physics, neuroscience, and neurophysiology will make the impossible possible. To transfer memories to the past via cellphone. To time leap.
Kurisu: The important thing to remember is that only memories are being transferred. Personality and consciousness aren’t included.
Rintaro: What does that mean? How is it different from what you see in sci-fi novels?
Kurisu: Time leaping in sci-fi usually sends everything -- consciousness, personality, and memory. But in real life, there’s probably too much data, and besides, we only analyzed memories. Think of consciousness, personality, and memory as separate things. Memories are like the video data stored on your computer. And consciousness and personality are like the OS.
Itaru: But videos can take up way more space than the OS.
Kurisu: It’s just an example. For starters, it’s still not clear where personality and consciousness are located, or how they are constructed. So we can’t convert them into data. Or at least, I can’t.
Rintaro: So we can only send memories. Where does that leave us?
Kurisu: Your memories aren’t the only thing that define you. Even if you send your memories to the past, it will be the receiving you’s consciousness and personality that process them.
Itaru: So in Mindorz terms, it’s like copying data from a VISTA computer to a Min95 computer?
Kurisu: Data created with the latest OS might not work on an older OS. It might cause errors. For example, if you sent your current memories to yourself in elementary school, the gap between your memories and your body could have serious consequences.
Rintaro: Anyway, is it correct to assume that we’ll be targeting ourselves in the past?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods at my question.
Kurisu: Just like with D-Mail, we’re using cellphones as the transfer medium. To be precise, you can only leap into your own body, and only if you had a cellphone at the time of reception.
UNSPOKEN: There was an exception in Lukako’s case where we sent a D-Mail to a pager, but that doesn’t apply to time leaping.
Kurisu: If you try sending memories to someone else... umm, how do I put this... there’s a danger that the electrical signals might be rejected.
Itaru: Wouldn’t want to jump into someone else’s body. I mean, unless it’s the body of a cute girl. Uhehe!
UNSPOKEN: Is this guy capable of a non-perverted thought?
Kurisu: Don’t ’uhehe’ me, you idiot! If it just bounces off, that’s fine, but I’m worried incompatible memory data might do serious damage to the recipient’s psyche. I don’t know what might happen. No one’s done it before, after all.
UNSPOKEN: That makes us pioneers. I like it.
Kurisu: There are two things I do know. One, you definitely cannot go back before you were born; and two, you won’t exist in two places at once. That means you don’t have to worry about causing a paradox. You can’t kill your parents before you were born.
Rintaro: So the phones act like black and white holes...
UNSPOKEN: It seems like a strange coincidence that cellphones would be the medium of time travel, but really, could it have been anything else? These days, people wear their phones like a second skin. No other medium could reliably deliver the memories to their intended target. The more I think about it, the more I realize that this was meant to be.
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: I whip out my phone and place it to my ear.
Rintaro: It’s me. Everything is falling into place. The plan can now proceed to the final stage. I’m talking about Operation Verthandi, obviously. Heh. Christina had me fooled. I never knew she was capable of this. It must have been the choice of Steins Gate that sent her here. Don’t worry. I have everything under control. Nothing can stop us now. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I put away my phone and turn to Kurisu.
Rintaro: Were you listening? Good. Commence preparations for Operation Verthandi!
Kurisu: First, explain what that is!
Rintaro: We’re going to build your time leap machine, Christina. And you’d better not say it can’t be done! Not after showing me the way!
Kurisu: Well, this is Akihabara. I should be able to find the parts I need.
Rintaro: Then it’s decided. I’m placing you in charge of this operation. Whatever you need, ask, and it shall be yours. Together, we shall complete the first time leap machine in human history!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods. Her eyes are shining with a fierce, hungry light. As I thought. She’s a scientist to the core! Mayuri and Daru go home, leaving me with Kurisu. She’s sitting in the development room chair, endlessly twirling a pen in her fingers.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
Kurisu: Thinking about the time leap machine. I know we can make it, but I’m wondering what will happen if we actually use it.
Rintaro: Ah.
UNSPOKEN: She hasn’t even started working on the machine, and she’s already worried about what comes afterwards? That takes confidence, alright. Are all geniuses like this? What will happen when we use it... I doubt we can find an answer to that question. Not without testing it live. Kurisu knows that. What she’s really wondering is whether it’s worth the risk. That’s why I avoid arguing with her.
Rintaro: You’re thinking too hard. Finish the machine, then worry about it.
Kurisu: You’re so pompous.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu groans and flops down on the desk. It’s strange to see her like this. She’s usually so cool and collected. But maybe that’s an act, and this is who she really is.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe... Can I talk to you about something completely unrelated?
Rintaro: I’d rather talk about something related.
Kurisu: You told me before that I could ask you anything. Remember?
UNSPOKEN: I did? I don’t remember that.
Kurisu: I think... my father hates me.