Kurisu: Heh... you really are pompous.
Rintaro: I assume it was your father on the phone the other day?
UNSPOKEN: I am speaking, of course, of when I found Kurisu outside the lab, crying into her phone. The mood was... delicate.
Kurisu: ...Yeah. I don’t remember the last time he had a kind word for me. Even when we were living together, before I went to America, he acted like I wasn’t there. We’re supposed to be family, aren’t we?
Rintaro: And you? How did you treat your father?
Kurisu: I was daddy’s little girl growing up. You practically had to drag me away from him.
UNSPOKEN: She smiles, but in her smile I see a hint of self-mockery.
Kurisu: My father’s a physicist. Even as a child, I loved to hear him talk about science. I couldn’t understand a word of it, but I always begged him to explain. I wanted to understand his work, so I started studying physics. I must have been five.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I guess that’s what makes her a genius. Or perhaps the yearning for her father’s love was what gave birth to her genius.
Kurisu: Thanks to that, I always got perfect grades in math. I ignored all the other subjects, though, so my grades were a little skewed. I even read my father’s papers. I was a little girl trying to comprehend theoretical physics, but I gave it everything I had. I needed to understand. By sixth grade, I had learned enough that I could discuss my father’s theories with him. I was so happy that I could talk to my father on his level, you know? We used to argue all night long. And then I started winning those arguments. All of them.
Rintaro: Yeah. I can definitely see how that would make him hate you.
UNSPOKEN: A tragedy fitting for a girl genius. What kind of scientist loses to a grade-school girl anyway? Seriously.
Kurisu: You really think that’s why?
Rintaro: I’m absolutely certain that’s why.
Kurisu: I guess he did have a lot of pride. Anyway, one day, he suddenly stopped talking to me altogether. Then he started fighting with my mom, and finally he stopped coming home. I really loved my dad, so it was a big shock. I felt it was my fault things turned out that way. I couldn’t go to school, I was so depressed. And then Mom recommended I study abroad.
UNSPOKEN: So that’s why she went to America.
Rintaro: You were just too talented for your own good. So, how do you feel about your father now?
Kurisu: I don’t know...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks down.
Rintaro: He’s in Japan, right? Have you seen him at all?
Kurisu: No... he doesn’t want to see me. That’s what we were talking about on the phone. I asked if we could meet, but he told me to stay away from him.
UNSPOKEN: Her father has quite the inferiority complex. No wonder she was crying. Even for someone as strong-willed as Kurisu, it must hurt to hear that from her father.
Kurisu: Even if we did meet, I wouldn’t know what to say... I tried to talk to him before I left, you know? I tried so hard, but he just ignored me. It hurts. Whenever I think about going to see him, I remember those times. I worry he’ll ignore me again, and then I can’t do anything. Sniff...
Rintaro: Are you crying?
Kurisu: J-just a little, okay?
Rintaro: You want to reconcile with your father. Correct?
Kurisu: I don’t know...
Rintaro: If you didn’t, then you wouldn’t have confided in me. And you wouldn’t be crying, would you?
Kurisu: True...
Rintaro: Just be straight with him. Say ’I love you, Dad. Let’s make up.’
Kurisu: I think that’s a little out of character for me.
Rintaro: It’s your father. Stop acting like a weak little girl.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks upright, her face bright red.
Kurisu: I’m not acting like a little girl!
Rintaro: Yes, you are. You’ll never reconcile with him like that. You need to speak from the heart, give it to him straight. It’s the only way to get your message across. You can’t sugarcoat it. If that doesn’t work, nothing will. Then you’ll just have to hope that time heals the rift between you.
Kurisu: And how long will that take?
Rintaro: How should I know? I’m only a year older than you, remember? How long has it been since you went to America?
Kurisu: Umm... seven years.
Rintaro: If nothing has changed in seven years, then maybe it will take twice that much time.
Kurisu: I... guess you’re right.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs heavily and rests her chin in her hand. Did my advice backfire? It looks like she’s even more depressed now. I fold my arms and wrack my brain for a solution. I don’t want to see Kurisu like this. It’s pathetic!
Rintaro: Well? When are you going to see him?
Kurisu: ...Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu opens her eyes wide in confusion. I take out my phone and bring up the calendar.
Rintaro: I assume it’ll be during summer break. Make sure you let me know ahead of time.
Kurisu: Wha-wha-wha-what are you talking about!?
Rintaro: I might have plans. I’ll need to shift my schedule around.
Kurisu: Hold on a second! Don’t tell me you plan on coming along!?
Rintaro: Of course I do. You are my assistant, and I will do whatever it takes to ensure that you are in peak mental condition for the experiment.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks dumbfounded. What? Did I say something wrong?
Kurisu: Ok, you’ve had your fun. I’m in no mood for--
Rintaro: I’m being completely serious. I’ll go anywhere you want -- anywhere in Japan. I’d go anywhere in the world, but I don’t have a passport or money.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: You’re afraid you won’t know what to say, right?
Kurisu: Yeah...
Rintaro: Then that settles it. I am a master of conversation. You will have nothing to fear with Hououin Kyouma at your side!
Kurisu: ...pfft!
Rintaro: Why are you laughing!?
Kurisu: You couldn’t hold a normal conversation if your life depended on it.
Rintaro: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: By Jove, she’s right! A mad scientist does not care about things like tact and decorum. He dominates the room with his sheer presence! Perhaps a softer touch is called for here.
Kurisu: But... thanks anyway. I definitely didn’t expect you to offer to come... N-not that I’m happy about it or anything! I hate how you act like a nice guy sometimes! It’s confusing!
UNSPOKEN: Confusing how? Why is she yelling at me anyway? Shouldn’t she be thanking me instead?
Kurisu: Um, Okabe? That offer... I can take you up on it, right?