Kurisu: Kyaaa! What are you doing!?
Mayuri: Hyah! No peeking, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Through the steam, I see the wet, naked bodies of the two girls. Mayuri squats down, while Kurisu bashfully twists her body, trying desperately to hide her unmentionables. Are their faces red because of the heat? Or...
Rintaro: Phew. You’re still alive.
UNSPOKEN: I wipe the cold sweat off my brow and sigh deeply.
Rintaro: Don’t scare me like that. What are you guys doing packed into that tiny shower anyway?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shoots me a deadly glare.
Kurisu: Get out, you perv!
Rintaro: Whoa!
UNSPOKEN: I dodge a bar of soap aimed at my face, then quickly flee the dressing room. Well... I suppose that was all my fault.
Mayuri: Mayushii’s sad... I feel kinda dirty....
Kurisu: You’re gonna regret this! I’ll never forgive you!
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. It was just a small misunderstanding. I mean, why the hell did they decide to take a shower -- together! -- when they knew I was coming right back? It’s like they wanted to be seen. Kurisu, especially. After all that talk about not wanting to spend the night with me around, she sure dropped her guard awfully fast. They’re just lucky it was me who walked in on them. What if it had been the Organization? They need to get serious. We’re fighting for our lives here. ...By the way, I didn’t see a Mongolian Spot on Kurisu’s butt. Naturally. Anyway, how much longer are they going to shower? Looking at the clock, it’s already been more than 15 minutes since I got back. They were yelling at me a few minutes ago, but now I hear laughter and happy squeals coming from the shower room. Sounds like they’re having a good time... They get along almost like sisters. They’re checking each other out, aren’t they!? Muhahaha! In my head, I call up the memory of what I saw in the shower. Wet hair. Beads of water glistening on their soapy skin. Round, full treasures hidden by conveniently placed steam... I put my phone to my ear.
Rintaro: It’s me. We have a problem. I’m under attack from the Mongolian Spot and Ditzy sisters. They’re going directly after my sanity, a bold move against the insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma. This is the strongest offensive I’ve encountered so far. I realize now that vulnerability itself can be a powerful weapon. They’re pulling out all the stops, and I don’t think my pants can take it. Give in to the temptation? Nonsense. I could never do that. They’re fellow lab members, my loyal assistant and my childhood friend. ...Must I? Is it truly the will of Steins Gate that I give in? That I raise my hand against my closest companions? If so... then how cruel the fates be! El... Psy... Kongroo!
UNSPOKEN: After a moment to collect myself, I put away my phone. ...I need some air. Two days have passed since Kurisu and Mayuri came to stay. During that time, Daru and I have done our best to support Kurisu’s work on the PhoneWave (name subject to change). According to Daru, it should be easy to use the LHC to generate black holes for our use. The black holes form at the proton collision point -- where the lifter is installed -- and exist for only a few seconds before evaporating. During those few seconds, SERN throws a human into the singularity. We’ll use those few seconds too. The gravity of the black hole compresses matter to infinite density. SERN uses the lifter to keep the compression under control, but we don’t want that. We’re going to dial SERN’s lifter down. Not so much that it endangers the world, of course, but enough to compress our memory data to under 36 bytes. Daru has been coding the necessary program. As for me, I’ve been searching for our lifter, the unknown device that pumps electrons into the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and keeps our black hole open. Kurisu couldn’t find anything that could serve as a lifter inside the microwave, so it must be something on the outside. We’re not sure what that could be, and so far we have no idea where to start looking. Yesterday, I consulted Daru about that threatening email. But Daru insisted that there’s no way SERN could have discovered his hacking yet. Of course, I had him make doubly sure we hadn’t been tracked. His tests came back clean. I understand he’s confident in his skills, and I trust him. If Daru says they haven’t found out, then they haven’t. But somehow, knowing that does not ease my anxiety. It’s Friday, and although we still haven’t solved the lifter problem, Kurisu is just about done with the time leap machine. Naturally, that means it’s time for her to give me something else to worry about.
Kurisu: For the final adjustments, we need to use the PhoneWave.
UNSPOKEN: I groan. In other words, we have to cause the electrical discharge phenomenon. There’s a risk involved. A risk called Mister Braun. As we know, the discharge phenomenon causes the entire building to shake. Last time, Mister Braun threatened to raise our rent if it happened again. Kurisu and Daru look at me.
Itaru: It’s up to you, Okarin.
Kurisu: Take care of it.
Rintaro: In other words, you’re sending me to die.
Kurisu: Your sacrifice will allow us to complete the time leap machine.
Itaru: Besides, you’re always the one who talks to the boss for us.
Rintaro: Well maybe it’s time for you to put your lives on the line.
Kurisu: I can’t. That girl who works there hates me.