Rintaro: A little silence please, Mister Braun! This is a most glorious moment, for I have just been chosen as the ruler of all space and time! MUHAHAHAHAHA! Guh!
UNSPOKEN: Stars explode behind my eyes as Mister Braun drives his fist into the top of my head. The world spins. I struggle to get ahold of my shaken brain.
Rintaro: You... dare lay hands on the great...
Tennouji: Got somethin’ to say?
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh... well then, Mister Braun... put it on my tab!
UNSPOKEN: With that, I fly out of the workshop. I rub my head. It hurts like hell. Damn that Mister Braun. Did he really have to crack me so hard? Maybe I should report him for assault. Thanks to his brutality, I had to make a strategic retreat. Fortunately, I did not emerge empty handed. The extra ten thousand yen a month will hurt, but in exchange, I have acquired information essential to the success of my plan.
Rintaro: All’s well that ends well! Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Okarin! The building just shook. Are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Kurisu appear in the second story window.
Kurisu: Looks like you really are unkillable.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. I have seen the future, Christina. In three minutes, you will be on your knees praising my greatness!
Kurisu: I don’t think so.
UNSPOKEN: I run up the stairs.
Kurisu: How could you miss something so obvious?
UNSPOKEN: When I tell Kurisu about the 42-inch CRT downstairs, that is her first reaction.
Rintaro: Why are you blaming me?
Kurisu: ...I’m not blaming you. I’m just disappointed that nobody, including myself, noticed.
Itaru: We missed the forest for the trees.
Rintaro: To summarize... Just now, when the PhoneWave (name subject to change) shook the building, the 42-inch CRT was on. But when Mister Braun turned the TV off, the shaking stopped immediately.
Kurisu: The discharge was interrupted. I put a banana in just to be sure. Nothing happened.
Mayuri: I’m glad. We shouldn’t waste food.
UNSPOKEN: Nobody replies to Mayuri’s off-point statement. We’re busy reading about cathode ray tubes on the Internet. It doesn’t take long before we find something interesting. A cathode ray tube has a component called an electron gun, which uses extreme heat and a strong electric field to accelerate electrons and turn them into a beam. The electron beam striking the TV screen’s phosphor layer is what generates the picture. An electron gun could certainly work as a lifter.
Kurisu: We’ve found the answer. The electrons emitted by the 42-inch CRT are holding the PhoneWave’s black hole open. And the discharge phenomenon is the result.
Itaru: So the reason we can’t use the PhoneWave at night is because the Braun Tube Workshop’s closed?
UNSPOKEN: The Braun Tube Workshop doesn’t have especially strict business hours, but it’s usually open from around 11 AM to 7 PM. That matches up perfectly with my observation that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) only works between noon and 6 PM. The few instances it hasn’t worked during that timeframe can be explained by the TV being off.
Rintaro: But how can a cathode ray tube emit such a strong electron stream?
Kurisu: It’s not about having a strong electron stream. If stronger were better, SERN would’ve solved the lifter problem long ago.
UNSPOKEN: I see. So it can’t be too strong or too weak. By freak coincidence, the 42-inch CRT’s electron gun appears to have exactly the right level of electron discharge. That’s the only explanation.
Kurisu: Somehow, the conditions here were perfect to create a time machine. Frankly, it’s a miracle.
Rintaro: No, Christina! Not a miracle! This is the choice of Steins Gate!
UNSPOKEN: Rather than glare at me as she has so many times in the past, Kurisu shoots me an exasperated smile.
Kurisu: Whatever it is, it worked.
Mayuri: Umm...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks up from her costume with a question in her eyes.
Mayuri: So, um, what do we have to do to complete Super PhoneWave-chan?
Kurisu: Now that we’ve found the cause, there’s nothing left to hold us back. We can safely conclude that time leaping is possible when, and only when, that television is on.
Itaru: We should probably test it, right? And there’s still the final check of the PhoneWave to do.
Kurisu: You’re right. Okabe.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: Go downstairs and turn that TV back on.
Rintaro: Ha. Ha. Ha. That’s hilarious, Christina. Allow me to dub that... Mission: Impossible!
UNSPOKEN: I’m not going back down there. My head still hurts from last time! Next time, I doubt I’ll make it out alive.
Kurisu: Whatever. Just go already.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu orders me with a sour look. It’s like I’m the assistant here.
Kurisu: If anyone can do it, it’s you. You made an amazing discovery just now, didn’t you?
Rintaro: Assistant mine... have you finally recognized my greatness as a mad scientist?
Kurisu: No.
Rintaro: Ah.
Itaru: Damn. That was harsh.
Kurisu: Oh, whoops. I was supposed to flatter him so he’d feel like going, right? Yes, you’re an amazing mad scientist.
Rintaro: It’s too late!
Kurisu: Anyway, now that we’ve found the lifter, the time leap machine is 99% complete.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s expression suddenly turns serious, but I can see the hunger in her eyes and the flush of excitement on her cheeks. She knows that we stand on the threshold of a new age in science, and she cannot resist the lure of the unknown. She’s a true scientist. No doubt about it.
Kurisu: It’s your dream, isn’t it? To invent a time machine.
UNSPOKEN: Our dream... I’ve never really thought about it that way. But she’s right. My hands are shaking. Not from fear of Mister Braun, but from excitement.
Rintaro: I will become the undisputed lord of time. With that power, I will shatter the System and Chaos will rule the--
Kurisu: Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu interrupts my speech.
Kurisu: I wasn’t asking Hououin Kyouma. I was asking Okabe.