Kurisu: While the data is being compressed, we use the PhoneWave to generate a Kerr ring singularity. When the electron discharge phenomenon occurs, we take the 36-byte data, patch it in... And send it to the past. This part is just like a D-Mail. The data travels to the specified time, where it arrives at the recipient’s phone. By now, 23 milliseconds should have passed, so the data will be fully decompressed. Next, the decoding program runs, converting the data back into nerve impulse signals. These signals are discharged from the phone’s earpiece at approximately 0. 02 amperes, a pretty weak charge. If the recipient has the phone to his ear, they should go straight into his brain.
Rintaro: Assuming he answers his phone.
Kurisu: If he doesn’t, the transfer fails. Fortunately, we lose nothing but that copy of the memory data.
Rintaro: Why a phone call instead of an email?
Kurisu: Because we need the recipient to put the phone to his ear. Otherwise the signals won’t reach his temporal lobe.
UNSPOKEN: She indicates the side of her head.
Kurisu: In this area you have the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain. As I explained before, the hippocampus, where memories are stored, is inside the temporal lobe. The phone sends out electrical impulses that pass through the temporal lobe and into the hippocampus, overwriting the recipient’s memories. At the same time, the phone sends impulses that stimulate the frontal lobe as well. This is important. Remember that the frontal lobe is responsible for sending retrieval signals to the temporal lobe. This is how you remember things. By stimulating the frontal lobe, we force it to send retrieval signals keyed to the new memory data. Thus, the recipient recalls all of those memories as if they were his own. Which, of course, they are, or will be in the future. This happens in less than a second. Now the recipient has the same memories as the sender. The time leap is complete. If the data came from one week in the future, the recipient will ’remember’ that week as if he experienced it firsthand. We need to be aware that consciousness and personality aren’t transferred. Both of those depend on the recipient.
Itaru: Explain it with boobs.
Kurisu: B-boobs!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu dissolves into a blushing, stammering mess. Looks like it’s up to me to answer Daru’s question. Not with boobs, obviously.
Rintaro: Let’s say we send your memories to you in grade school. Right now, you’re some kind of omnisexual pervert who thinks inanimate objects are hot. But in elementary school, you were still an innocent child.
Itaru: I was a boring little bastard who did nothing but study, what of it?
Rintaro: Basically, that little bastard would suddenly have all your perverted memories, but his personality wouldn’t change. It’s not like you’ll become that famous anime detective with ’the looks of a child and the brains of an adult’.
Itaru: What? That sucks.
UNSPOKEN: This isn’t like the time-leaping you see in sci-fi novels. We aren’t yet capable of transferring personality and consciousness.
Kurisu: Ahem. Um, since you need a phone to receive the signal, you can only send memories to the times you had one. We also need to make sure that the sender and recipient are the same person. If someone besides your past self -- your parents, or a friend, for instance -- answers the phone, then the nerve impulse signals will be projected into their brain instead. If that happens, your memories could overwrite theirs, which could obviously cause serious damage to their psyche.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ends her explanation and takes a short breath. The lab falls into silence. I exchange glances with Kurisu and Daru. I look at Mayuri, but her expression is blank. I guess it was too complicated for her.
Rintaro: So.
UNSPOKEN: I clear my throat. It’s time for the million dollar question.
Rintaro: What do we do with it?
Itaru: Do with what?
Rintaro: The Time Leap Machine, of course. What do we do with it?
UNSPOKEN: For once, my assistant has nothing to say. I already know that she fears we’ve created a monster. Honestly, I feel the same way. After a few moments, Kurisu finally speaks.
Kurisu: It’s too much for us to handle, that’s for sure. The safest thing would be to hand it over to the government for professional research.
UNSPOKEN: I can tell that she’s not pleased to have reached this conclusion. She obviously would prefer to experiment with this technology. After all, it’s humanity’s first time machine. We’ve finally taken our first steps towards godhood. I’m sure that the nations of the world would pay billions for just one look at our machine. The possibilities that it represents are limitless.
Itaru: It just doesn’t feel real.
Mayuri: Mayushii doesn’t get it...
Itaru: That’s ’cause you didn’t work on it, Mayu-shi.
Mayuri: Oh, right. Ehehe!
Kurisu: What about you, Okabe? And I mean you, not Hououin Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: I agree with Kurisu that the Time Leap Machine is dangerous. On the other hand...
Rintaro: I want to experiment.
UNSPOKEN: I state my honest feelings. Kurisu gasps.
Rintaro: But there are still questions we need to answer.
UNSPOKEN: This is unknown territory -- not just for us, but for all of humanity.
Rintaro: ...Who will time leap?
UNSPOKEN: I look to each of the lab mems in turn. Daru quickly looks away. Mayuri’s expression is blank. Kurisu... stares right back at me.
Kurisu: ...It’s hard to choose.
Itaru: I’ll pass.
Mayuri: ...?
UNSPOKEN: Not a single person here wants the honor of being history’s first time traveler. Everyone -- except for Mayuri -- is probably thinking about what could go wrong. What if the time leap were to fail?
Kurisu: It’s not like SERN’s time machine. The possibility of becoming a jellyman is zero. This machine sends data, not the real thing. Don’t let your preconceptions influence your decision. You might say it’s like a cut-and-paste of your brain. Actually, it’s more like a copy-paste. And it’s just your memories. The original doesn’t get erased.