Rintaro: One hour later, we arrive once again at the present. At that time, the me who lost his memories an hour ago and the current me conflict in my brain. Which data set survives?
Kurisu: ...Logically, the present should change as soon as you send your memories to the past.
UNSPOKEN: The conflicting current me disappears, then.
Rintaro: So then it’s not a copy-paste at all, is it?
Kurisu: I don’t know. No one’s ever experienced time travel before.
Rintaro: When we send a D-Mail, the world is reconstructed based on the change we made to the past.
UNSPOKEN: I’m the only one who’s aware of this, however.
Kurisu: We don’t know what happens when you time leap. If it’s the many-worlds interpretation like Titor said, then the instant you time leap, it creates two possibilities -- one where you shift to another worldline, and one where you travel back in time on the same worldline. Of course, there must also be a worldline where the current you doesn’t disappear. That would likely correspond to the present that we are experiencing right now.
Mayuri: ???
UNSPOKEN: But that’s only if the many-worlds interpretation holds in the first place.
Rintaro: I thought you didn’t believe what Titor had to say.
Kurisu: I’m talking hypothetically. Titor doesn’t matter right now. If it’s the Copenhagen interpretation, then every possible state propagates through space as a wave function. When a particular state is observed, the remaining states collapse and that state is fixed.
UNSPOKEN: But precise observation is impossible.
Rintaro: The problem is who the observer is in this case.
Itaru: Wouldn’t it be a third party? Like me, or Mayu-shi.
Mayuri: ...?
Rintaro: Not necessarily. It might be me. It might be someone else. It could even be God.
UNSPOKEN: To begin with, the Copenhagen interpretation and the many-worlds interpretation are both micro-scale theories used to explain quantum interactions. No one knows whether they can be applied to humans, or to the world at large. What about my personal experiences with Reading Steiner? If Reading Steiner is the sort of power I think it is, then the worldline model is correct.
Rintaro: In the end, we arrive at the question of ’where is the self?’
Kurisu: This Time Leap Machine only sends memories. That, I guarantee.
Itaru: Won’t the present be reconstructed at the moment of transfer? That’s what happens with Okarin’s Reading Steiner, right?
Rintaro: That makes sense where D-Mails are concerned. When we send a D-Mail, we’re obviously interfering in past events. But time leaping is different. All you do is send your memories to the past, which isn’t the same thing as sending a targeted D-Mail. Whether the me who suddenly ’remembers’ one hour into the future will, in fact, change the past is something we can’t know until it happens.
Itaru: I’m getting confused. It sounds like we’re talking about the soul. Isn’t that a religious question?
Kurisu: Wait. You guys are misunderstanding something. One hour isn’t enough time for your personality to change. You should be the same person one hour ago that you are now. The only difference is that you’ll have an extra hour’s worth of memories.
Rintaro: How can you be sure?
Kurisu: ...Well, I can’t. Nobody’s tried it before.
UNSPOKEN: This discussion’s going nowhere. Personality and consciousness can’t be strictly defined, so it’s hard to imagine what might happen.
Mayuri: So, which is it?
Kurisu: We don’t know. We can argue the theories all we want, but in the end, we can only guess. This experiment may end up shattering preconceptions scientists and philosophers have held for centuries.
UNSPOKEN: We won’t know until we try. That pretty much sums it up. To make matters worse, the subject must be prepared to risk damage to their psyche. Kurisu, Daru, and I say no more. We can’t solve this problem. This is our limit as scientists. But haven’t we accomplished enough already? The Time Leap Machine itself is worthy of a Nobel Prize. We could sell this technology for billions, if we so chose. And if we go public with the Time Leap Machine, we can break SERN’s monopoly on time travel technology. That’s enough. It has to be.
Mayuri: Hey...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, who has been observing the discussion with glassy eyes, opens her mouth to speak.
Mayuri: Um, I have an idea... Why don’t we make a banana time leap instead?
Kurisu: Oh Mayuri... Bananas don’t have brains like people do.
Mayuri: Oh... you need a brain, huh...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri never changes. The atmosphere in the room gets a little more relaxed.
Rintaro: Let’s not experiment. We’ll entrust the Time Leap Machine to a suitable research institution. Then we’ll announce it to the world.
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to the lightening of the mood, I can finally say what was on my mind. Neither Kurisu nor Daru objects. No one has touched the Time Leap Machine since that discussion. Ridiculous as it sounds, I can’t shake the feeling that it might suck my memories out and fling them into the past. Oh, the machine does have its appeal, of course. We’re all tempted by the idea of becoming humanity’s first time leapers. Yet the fear of what could happen won out in the end. Perhaps as a way to forget our fears and move on, we decide to hold a celebration to mark the completion of the device. Everyone feels the need to let loose after working so hard on the project. I have Daru order pizza while Kurisu and I go shopping for snacks. Akiba has always had a lack of supermarkets. That hasn’t changed even with the anime stores gone. After we finish shopping, Kurisu and I walk along the evening streets. She looks like she’s got something to say. She keeps stealing glances at me.
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: Upset?
UNSPOKEN: She frowns, like she didn’t expect that question. Finally, she faces this way.
Rintaro: About our decision not to attempt a Time Leap experiment.
Kurisu: No, I’m not upset. ’Humans are temporal beings.’ That’s a Heidegger quote. I was actually relieved when you made the decision not to use the machine. If you hadn’t been there, I might not have been able to stop myself. Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: What’s this? Gratitude? Does she have a fever? I put my hand to her forehead to check. Kurisu twitches.
Kurisu: Uh, what are you doing?
Rintaro: You’re talking like an assistant for a change. I thought you might have a fever.
UNSPOKEN: I drop my hand.
Kurisu: I’m not grateful to you or anything, okay!?