UNSPOKEN: It was a nightmare brought on by anxiety. That’s all. There’s no other logical explanation. I desperately persuade myself that it’s so. Little do I know that I will soon regret my foolishness. Kurisu goes shopping alone. I stay in the lab with Daru, waiting for Mayuri to return.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ I’m back!
UNSPOKEN: An innocent smile. Mayuri is alive. Nothing will happen to her. I was worried for nothing. When Suzuha arrives, we begin the meeting.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin. I called Feris-chan and Luka-chan, but they said they couldn’t come.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve heard these words before. Deja vu. A trick of the mind.
Rintaro: Oh. Do they have plans?
Mayuri: Feris-chan has a RaiNet tournament.
Itaru: Crap, I should’ve gone to cheer! How careless of me!
Mayuri: And Luka-chan seemed embarrassed for some reason.
Kurisu: Maybe she thinks you’ll make her wear a costume again.
UNSPOKEN: It’s just like my dream. I’ve never remembered a dream this vividly before. I remember every word that was spoken.
Rintaro: You still haven’t convinced her to cosplay?
Mayuri: She said it was embarrassing. I keep telling her ’Cuteness is Justice’, but she never listens...
Kurisu: ’Cuteness is Justice’... is that what they say?
Mayuri: You’re cute too, Chris-chan!
Kurisu: Hah? Eh?
Mayuri: Hey, ComiMa’s coming up. Wanna go? I can’t make something new, but I have a costume of Post-Awakening Seira from Blood Tune I made last year. I think the size is just right for you too.
Kurisu: Me, cosplay? I’m sorta interested. But I refuse to do it in public, though.
Mayuri: You don’t have to show anyone, but eventually, you’ll want them to see. The cosplay demon compels you! That reminds me. Chris-chan, you’re always wearing that cute uniform. What school is it from?
Kurisu: Oh, this? I attended Ayamein for about two weeks. I modeled this outfit after their uniform.
Mayuri: Oh! Their uniform is really cute, but you made it even cuter! You might have really good design sense♪ I’ll bring the costume tomorrow, okay? Will you try it on then?
Kurisu: Sure.
Itaru: When’s the photo shoot?
Kurisu: Good to know you’re still a pervert, Hashida.
Itaru: Come on, it’s Blood Tune’s Seira! She’s got ’panmoro’ going on!
Kurisu: Panmoro?
Itaru: It means her panties are completely exposed!
Kurisu: N-no way...
Mayuri: It’s okay♪ You might not know this, but last year, there was a really popular saying. ’They’re not panties, so it’s not embarrassing!’
Kurisu: Japan is over...
Mayuri: Wear it, okay? It’s a promise!
Suzuha: Maybe you shouldn’t bother.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks, her tone sharp. She’s scowling at Kurisu again. Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room changes. ...I remember this too. I feel like I’m losing my mind here.
Suzuha: You’re asking for trouble by trusting Makise Kurisu.
Kurisu: What’s that supposed to mean? I’ve been meaning to ask. Did I do something to you?
Suzuha: Not to me. But I know everything you have done.
Kurisu: What do you mean? I’ve done nothing to be guilty of.
Suzuha: Perhaps. But I know your true nature.
Kurisu: Wow, you can see into my heart? That’s groundbreaking technology. I’d love to hear how it works.
Suzuha: It’s not science. It’s... a prediction.
Kurisu: So you’re just making it up.