UNSPOKEN: She goes down hard. I hear her head smack against the pavement. I stand up and look around. Moeka is dazed and unable to stand, but I see SERN agents making their way towards us through the crowd. I’ve got to get out of here. I take a step. A sharp pain stabs through my body. The crash must have broken a bone in my leg. It doesn’t matter. I have to get to the lab and time leap again. That’s the only way to save Mayuri. I look back at the site of the accident. Moeka is slowly regaining her feet, but Mayuri remains limp and motionless on the road. It breaks my heart to leave Mayuri lying there, but I have no choice. I have to go. Back to the lab! Fighting the pain of my broken leg, I manage to drag myself back to the lab. Surprisingly, SERN’s men didn’t chase me. Nobody’s at the lab when I arrive. Only the lights are still on. Relieved that Kurisu and Daru haven’t returned, I head straight to the development room. I remembered to break into the Braun Tube Workshop to turn on the 42-inch CRT. My body is drenched in sweat, and I can’t stop shivering. Everything hurts, especially my right side, where the car hit me. If I’m not careful, I might lose consciousness. My vision is blurry. It’s hard to focus. My left arm is numb and can barely move. But still, I force myself to activate the X68000 and input the settings. I’m gasping for breath like a wounded animal. The sound of my heartbeat fills my ears. Mayuri... They killed her again. I failed to protect her. I’m sorry, Mayuri. I’m sorry... Choking back my tears, I frantically pound on the keyboard. Police sirens echo in the distance. Moeka hit Mayuri in front of hundreds of witnesses. They’ll probably take her in for questioning. Even if SERN bails her out somehow, she should be stuck for at least a couple of hours. The real problem is her men. Those mercenaries, or whatever they were. SERN’s hit squad. Why didn’t they come after me? It should have been easy for them to catch me, injured as I am. I need to hurry. If they show up here, they’ll kill me for sure. Settings complete. I put on the headgear. I’ll get blood on it, but that doesn’t matter. A surge of anxiety washes over me. What if the time leap fails? What if my memories are corrupted? I might forget who I am. I might lose myself. Should I really use the machine?
Rintaro: Of course I should.
UNSPOKEN: I curse my weakness.
Rintaro: Mayuri’s dead, remember?
UNSPOKEN: This can’t be allowed to happen. No risk is too great. I will save Mayuri, whatever it takes. I alone have the power to change the past. What am I waiting for!? Swallowing my fear, I activate the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Gah!
UNSPOKEN: A screeching in my ears. Needles stabbing into my brain. A thousand emotions flooding my senses. The world bends, pulses, then returns to normal. The pain of my wounds has vanished like magic, replaced by a piercing pain in my brain. I fight back a wave of nausea and take stock of the situation. I’m sitting on the sofa with my phone to my ear. Another successful time leap. That makes three. It looks like the Time Leap Machine works perfectly. I’m sure it would boost Kurisu’s confidence if I told her. But that will have to wait until Mayuri’s out of danger. I stand up and look around the lab.
Rintaro: Where’s Mayuri!?
Kurisu: Wha!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, who was dozing off next to me, wakes up with a jerk at the sound of my voice.
Kurisu: Don’t shout... I’ve been working all night, so let me rest a bit...