UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stretches out her hand. I grasp it and pull myself up. Mayuri and Daru are already back when we return to the lab. Suzuha is there too. To get rid of them, Kurisu and I explain that we forgot to do the shopping, so could they please take care of it for us? I have to cough up the money to convince them to go, but it works.
Kurisu: I understand why you can’t tell Mayuri, but why can’t you tell Hashida?
Rintaro: I’ll tell him when it’s necessary.
UNSPOKEN: For now, it’s not, and I don’t have time to explain. While Kurisu sets up the machine, I head downstairs to the Braun Tube Workshop, kick the door open, and turn on the 42-inch CRT. That went more smoothly than I anticipated. It’s highly illegal, of course, but I’ll leap long before the cops get here. Kurisu looks shocked when I return to the lab.
Kurisu: They’ll throw you in the slammer for breaking and entering.
Rintaro: In a few seconds, it won’t have happened.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands me the headgear and I put it on.
Kurisu: I see. That’s how it looks from your perspective. What does it look like from my perspective? What happens here after you leap?
Rintaro: ...You’ll know soon enough.
UNSPOKEN: My consciousness travels to the past. That, I know from experience. But what about the body I leave behind? If time is a straight line, then it’s likely that the present will be reconstructed based on my actions in the past. But if the many-worlds interpretation holds, then after I leave, this world will continue on as if nothing happened. I used to be so fascinated by the structure of the universe, but now I don’t really care. All that matters is saving Mayuri. Kurisu’s fingers stop typing on the keyboard.
Rintaro: What’s wrong?
Kurisu: It’s nothing. I was just thinking.
Rintaro: Maybe it works like a D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: The instant we send a D-Mail, the present changes around us. Thanks to Reading Steiner, only I remember what it was like before the change.
Kurisu: That would make things easier, though I kind of hope you’re wrong.
Rintaro: Because you can’t collect data if you can’t record the change?
Kurisu: Exactly.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods and begins tinkering with the settings again.
Kurisu: I set the destination to five hours ago. You should arrive around 1:40 PM. I completed the Time Leap Machine just after 2. Do you remember?
UNSPOKEN: Barely. For Kurisu, that happened only five hours ago. For me, it feels like weeks.  Maybe it has been weeks.
Kurisu: Nobody likes a man who can’t remember dates. Be thankful that I make a habit of checking the time. I have a pretty good idea what happened when.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu finishes typing and turns to face me.
Kurisu: Listen, Okabe. If you’re going to keep using the Time Leap Machine, there’s one thing you must remember. Don’t let go of your phone. Ever. It’s your lifeline. Your destination marker. As long as you keep it with you, you can leap to any time you want. But if you lose your phone... if someone else gets ahold of it...
UNSPOKEN: Then if I leap to that time, my memories could overwrite theirs. I don’t want to imagine what might happen next.
Kurisu: If it breaks, or the battery dies...
UNSPOKEN: Then I won’t be able to leap to that time. If it breaks, then I can get a new phone with the same number, but there will still be a period of time to which I can never leap.
Kurisu: The time leap will fail. Once again, never let go of your phone.
Rintaro: Got it.
Kurisu: After you leap back to this afternoon, just sit tight and don’t do anything until I complete the Time Leap Machine. If you accidentally prevent me from completing the machine, it will likely wreak havoc with the timeline. As soon as I finish, declare that we will not experiment. Then send everyone home. Ask me to stay. Tell me the truth. If you say you came from the future, I’ll probably believe you.
Rintaro: How do you know?
Kurisu: Who knows me better than myself?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins faintly and stands up after she’s done typing.
Kurisu: Don’t forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine. When you told me about your time leap, I took it as proof that my theories were right. I was happy it succeeded. I really was. I didn’t doubt it was true for a second.
UNSPOKEN: I see...
Kurisu: Just to be safe, I should probably give you a passphrase. What I want the most right now is my own fork.
Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: It doesn’t mean anything, okay!?
Rintaro: You want your own fork?
Kurisu: I already have my own spoon... wait, that doesn’t matter! Everything’s ready! Now get out of here!
UNSPOKEN: I nod and call up the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Be careful. And remember... I’m always on your side.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu touches my shoulder, then steps away. I lie back on the sofa with my phone in my hand. Needles in my brain. A whining in my ears. These sensations never get any easier to endure. I look at the clock. It’s about 1:45. There’s a high-school baseball game on TV. In about fifteen minutes, Kurisu will finish the Time Leap Machine. All it needs are some final adjustments, so there’s nothing for me to do but wait. As the pain in my brain subsides, I realize that my head is throbbing. Why? Oh, I remember. Right before this, I had an argument with Mister Braun in which he introduced his fist to my skull. Mayuri is at her sewing machine, working on her costume. Daru is at his computer, collecting moe artwork from the internet. Kurisu is in the development room, upgrading the Time Leap Machine. I sit, motionless, as the minutes tick by. Suddenly, the sound of the sewing machine stops.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin! Can you come here?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri shows me her costume.
Mayuri: Can you hold this for me? Spread it out like ’fwapp!’
Itaru: Mayu-shi, say ’fwapp’ again.
Mayuri: Fwapp!
Itaru: I got a fwapp!
Kurisu: Stop it, perv.