Kurisu: You win, Mayuri. Congratulations. But I’m finished too.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu finishes connecting the two cords she’s holding.
Kurisu: Complete.
UNSPOKEN: Alright, that’s my cue.
Rintaro: We’re not experimenting.
Kurisu: Eh!?
UNSPOKEN: Crap, was that too soon?
Kurisu: I just finished and you’re already shutting it down? What I have been doing these past three days?
Rintaro: Time leaping presents a host of problems. I want to consider them all carefully.
Kurisu: H-huh. That’s... an unusually respectable opinion, coming from you.
Mayuri: Problems? I thought it was done?
Rintaro: I’ll explain later. Everyone’s tired, so let’s go home.
Itaru: We’re not going to have a party to celebrate?
Rintaro: We’ll do that another day.
UNSPOKEN: I manage to convince Daru and Mayuri to leave. I lend Mayuri my phone charger, since we use the same brand of phone. Kurisu tries to go home too, but I quietly keep her back.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: ...Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: Probably because I shot her down right after she finished the Time Leap Machine. She’ll feel relieved later, but only after she has time to fully consider its implications.
Rintaro: I came from five hours in the future.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu spears me with a piercing glare.
Kurisu: Is that supposed to be funny?
UNSPOKEN: Her narrowed eyes make me believe that looks can kill.
Rintaro: D-don’t glare like that! This isn’t right! You’re supposed to believe me!
Kurisu: What made you think I’d believe something like that!?
Rintaro: You told me so! Five hours from now, okay!?
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous. I would never make such a baseless projection.
UNSPOKEN: I’d like to have a word with future Kurisu. If this is how you’re going to be, then you leave me no choice but to quote you word for word.
Rintaro: When I told you about my time leap, you said, ’I took it as proof that my theories were right. I didn’t doubt it was true for a second.’ ’Don’t forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine.’
Kurisu: I don’t talk like that!
Rintaro: What you want most right now is your own fork!
Kurisu: Wha--
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s face suddenly turns red.
Rintaro: You already have your own spoon, apparently.
Kurisu: S-she said that? I’m gonna kill myself five hours from now...
UNSPOKEN: She appears genuinely shocked, for some reason, but I’m pretty sure she believes me now.
Kurisu: It feels like someone peeked into my heart. And that someone is Okabe, of all people.
UNSPOKEN: What does she think I’m going to do?
Kurisu: But I think I believe you. Tell me the details.
UNSPOKEN: I explain everything to Kurisu again. I’m able to organize my thoughts better since this is my second time.
Kurisu: I see... If what you say is true, then we have a serious problem.
UNSPOKEN: There are five hours until Mayuri’s death. We need to come up with a plan before then.
Kurisu: Future me said that the chronology protection conjecture holds, but I don’t think that’s quite right. That conjecture says that according to quantum theory, time travel is impossible due to the danger of disrupting causality. But when you time leap, there’s no chance of a time paradox occurring.
UNSPOKEN: Two of me don’t exist at the same time, and I can’t bring anything with me to the past. All that changes are the memories stored in my temporal lobe. So at the very least, time leaping can’t cause a Grandfather Paradox.
Rintaro: So I was right. The universe itself is censoring me, correcting any changes I try to make.
Kurisu: If that’s true, then time leaping can’t save Mayuri. Nothing you do will change the result.
Rintaro: ...I can’t accept that.
Kurisu: Neither can I. The world is trying to kill Mayuri? As a scientist, I refuse to believe such nonsense.
Rintaro: What about the many-worlds interpretation? I just need to observe the world where Mayuri doesn’t die.
Kurisu: The many-worlds interpretation... That might have something to do with how Mayuri’s means of death keeps changing. But it’s supposed to be impossible for parallel worlds to observe each other. Why are you different?
Rintaro: Because of my esper power, Reading Steiner.
Kurisu: This is no time for your chuunibyou nonsense.
Rintaro: ...There’s no other explanation.
Kurisu: You’ve mentioned that Reading Steiner thing before. Were you actually serious?
Rintaro: Why would I make up something like that?
UNSPOKEN: Our D-Mail experiments proved that I can somehow perceive changes in the timeline when they occur. It’s an ability only I seem to possess.
Kurisu: I don’t know, but I don’t want to rely on something that may not even exist. Anyway, you can’t control which possibilities you observe. Even if the many-worlds interpretation holds true, it’s unreasonable to expect that you’ll ever find a world where Mayuri doesn’t die.
Rintaro: Wait. We’re not getting anywhere. Instead of analyzing what I’ve done, let’s think about what we can do.
Kurisu: Time leaping won’t change the result. I just said that.
Rintaro: Then what do we do!?
Kurisu: Calm down.
Rintaro: How can I calm down!? Do you know how many times I’ve seen Mayuri die!? Covered in blood! Gasping for breath! The light fading from her eyes! Again... and again... and again... And all I could do... was watch!
UNSPOKEN: I hear my teeth grinding in my skull. Recalling that despair, that feeling of utter powerlessness, makes me want to lash out at everything within reach.
Kurisu: Getting emotional won’t solve anything.
Rintaro: You’re only calm because you weren’t there!
Kurisu: ...True. I don’t know what happens five hours from now. To be honest, it doesn’t feel real at all. But it’s not like I don’t believe you. You have to stay strong, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pats my arm. Her hand is warm and her touch is gentle. How... American of her.
Rintaro: ...Sorry.
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. Getting emotional won’t solve anything. I need to calm down. Calm down...
Rintaro: What I don’t understand is how the cause can change but the effect can stay the same. It’s like causality itself is broken.
Kurisu: Maybe Kiryu Moeka shooting her isn’t the real cause of her death. Maybe it’s something larger and less obvious. For example, maybe she dies because we invented a time machine, or because SERN discovered our hacking. If that’s the cause, then it doesn’t really matter how she dies. Causality remains intact.