UNSPOKEN: Nice excuse, Suzuha!
Rintaro: P-precisely!
Itaru: Fix it in two days? That’s just nuts.
Rintaro: But if you do, you’ll earn the right to a date with Faris.
Itaru: ...!?
Rintaro: Can you fix it?
Itaru: No problem!
UNSPOKEN: Great. Now I just need to figure out how I’m going to convince Faris... OSHM***A 7010 We’re searching for something with the same cryptic logo as this mysterious pin. Honestly, I didn’t think it would be this difficult. Akiba has plenty of niche stores, but they’re all for electronic goods and PC parts. There aren’t that many selling accessories like Suzuha’s pin. We check every one we can find, but come up empty-handed. None of the store employees have any idea where it came from either. We even check nearby neighborhoods like Ueno and Asakusa. Nothing. Suzuha and I return to the lab with heavy hearts.
Kurisu: Welcome back.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu emerges from the development room to greet us. She’s alone.
Kurisu: From the looks on your faces, I guess you didn’t find anything.
Rintaro: Where’s Daru?
Kurisu: He hasn’t come back yet. It’s already dark, so maybe he went straight home?
UNSPOKEN: It’s too dark to work at Radi-Kan now. We can’t use lights, because that would be too conspicuous to the people below.  Mayuri isn’t around. Is she making any progress in the search for Suzuha’s father?
Suzuha: I feel bad. There’s no time for this...
Rintaro: It’s not for you. We’re doing it to save Mayuri.
Suzuha: ...Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: I start up Daru’s computer and search the net for communities of people who collect unique pins. I’ll investigate tomorrow based on the information I find. There’s a pin collecting group on a site called FrePara, where everyone shows off their collections. I post there, asking for information. I’m sleeping on the couch when a loud alarm rings in my ears.
Rintaro: Is it SERN!?
UNSPOKEN: I jump up and see Kurisu and Suzuha. Kurisu is holding her phone. That’s the source of the sound.
Kurisu: Good morning.
UNSPOKEN: Her sour expression says it’s not good at all. I wish she’d put herself in my shoes and see what it’s like to be woken up suddenly like that. I check the time on my phone. It’s just before 7 AM.
Rintaro: ...You came to wake me up? Thanks.
Kurisu: I didn’t do it for you.
Suzuha: I asked her to wake you up, Okabe Rintaro. There’s something I want to show you.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that there’s a strange object sitting on the table in front of me.
Rintaro: ...What’s this?
Suzuha: A divergence meter. The numbers indicate the divergence value of the current worldline.
UNSPOKEN: The meter displays 0. 337187%.
Suzuha: Divergence is measured from my original worldline, which corresponds to zero.
Rintaro: You made this?
Suzuha: No. I brought it with me from 2036.
Rintaro: These are Nixie tubes, right? Whoever made this has taste. I’d happily dub it Future Gadget No. 9.
Kurisu: How exactly does it work? It shouldn’t be possible to measure changes like that.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shrugs.
Suzuha: I don’t know either.
Rintaro: You don’t know!?
Suzuha: Can you guess who made it?
UNSPOKEN: How should I know?
Suzuha: You did, Okabe Rintaro.
Rintaro: Huh?
Suzuha: You made it, umm... 11 years from now. It apparently works the same way your special power does.
Rintaro: Huh...
Kurisu: So this meter lets other people check worldline divergence?
Suzuha: I wish. I’m pretty sure only Okabe Rintaro would notice if the number changed.
Kurisu: What? Then there’s no point. Make something useful for once, Okabe.