UNSPOKEN: She looks at us with the face of a warrior.
Suzuha: I’ll bring it to you here in Akihabara. That’s my duty, and I’ll see it through. The rest is up to you. Change the future. Please.
UNSPOKEN: Nobody speaks. Nobody nods.  We don’t have the words. But she sees it in our faces. Resolve. Suzuha has entrusted us with her will and her mission. We meet her gaze, each of us, and silently swear to protect them to the end. The future Suzuha came from is not the future we desire. In Suzuha’s time, Daru and I fought to change it. This time, we’ll make sure it never happens. Mayuri will live. Kurisu will be free. Suzuha will grow up knowing her father. We must change the future, that all these things may come to pass.
Suzuha: Well, see you in 35 years... though I guess it’ll only be a few hours for you guys. Ahaha! Oh, I almost forgot. The time machine gives off terrific ultraviolet rays when it jumps, so make sure not to look directly at it.
UNSPOKEN: With that final warning, Suzuha boards the time machine. She waves once, and then the hatch closes behind her. Moments later, the machine comes to life. A shrill alarm starts ringing. There are no other sounds. It makes less noise than I’d expect. People on the street below start shouting and cheering at the satellite’s sudden activity. They all look up and point. My phone vibrates. I quickly take it out and open it. The mail is from Suzuha. Goodbye... When I failed to stop her on a previous worldline, she sent me the exact same message before leaving. But this time, the word holds a completely different meaning. I lift my eyes from the message to see the space around the time machine begin to warp. A cocoon of light appears and envelops the fuselage. I squint my eyes against the brilliance.
Rintaro: Suzuha...
UNSPOKEN: We will never see her again. Not this Suzuha. Yes, we can seek her out in our time. I know that I will make the effort. But the next time we meet, an immense gulf of time will have divided us. No matter how hard we wish it were different, she will not be the girl we knew. All of a sudden, Daru takes a step into the light.
Itaru: S-Suzuha!! I’m sure we’ll meet again! I’ll do my best until then! I hate myself for not knowing any other way to say it, but I’ll do my best! I’ll do my best, I promise! So Suzuha, do your best too!
UNSPOKEN: His words probably can’t reach her anymore. As the light grows more intense, I raise my hand to shield my eyes. Bathed in radiant particles, the cocoon slowly, slowly unfurls. The next thing I know, Suzuha’s time machine has vanished into thin air, leaving a hole the size of a dump truck in Radi-Kan’s wall. The air is thick with the smell of ozone, and seems to pulse softly where the machine stood. We stand there for a while, staring silently at the empty spot while the summer breeze blows gently past. As if the wind were fate itself. Unfortunately, we don’t have time to mourn her departure. In about an hour and a half, Moeka’s group will attack the lab. Before that happens, we need to acquire the IBN 5100 that Suzuha went to 1975 to obtain. The time machine’s sudden disappearance has thrown the area into chaos, which makes it easy for us to slip out unnoticed. See you in 35 years, Suzuha said. 54-year-old Suzuha should be here in Akiba. Before she left, we decided that the time machine’s disappearance would be her cue to bring the IBN 5100 to the lab. But when we return to the lab, there’s no 54-year-old woman waiting for us. It seems Suzuha hasn’t come yet.
Kurisu: Haah, whew... whew... no more... running...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gasps for breath while Mayuri calmly munches on a banana. As I check the lab for any sign of Suzuha, a line of red numbers catches my eye. The meter reads 0. 337187%. ...Divergence hasn’t changed. Reading Steiner didn’t activate this time, so I suspected that might be the case. Let’s think this through. I thought that divergence would change the instant Suzuha obtained an IBN 5100 in 1975. But maybe there’s something else that needs to happen. Will it change the instant Suzuha hands me the IBN 5100? Or will it change when we use the IBN 5100 to delete my email from SERN’s database? At any rate, all we can do now is wait for Suzuha to arrive.
Itaru: Suzuha’s 54 by now, right?
UNSPOKEN: After catching his breath, Daru speaks.
Itaru: My daughter is 30 years older than me. I don’t know if I want to see that. Feels weird, man.
Kurisu: You know, it wouldn’t be unusual for her to have grandchildren by that age.
Itaru: Y-you mean I could have great-grandkids? I don’t know if I’m ready for that, man...
Mayuri: Just be super nice to them! That’s what grandpas do!
Itaru: Please, don’t call me grandpa...
UNSPOKEN: A knock on the door interrupts their idle chatter. It must be Suzuha! Everyone looks at me. With a strange mixture of anticipation and anxiety, I slowly open the door.
Tennouji: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Instead of an old woman, we get a wall of muscle. Our disappointment is palpable.
Rintaro: Oh, it’s you...
Tennouji: Hey, have you seen my part-timer?
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun peeks into the lab.
Mayuri: If you’re looking for Suzu-san, she went 35 years--
Kurisu: Shaddup, Mayuri!