UNSPOKEN: I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed 
Suzuha: The date is June 14th, the year 2000. About nine or ten years before you will read this. I failed. I only remembered who I was one year ago today. The day Nostradamus said the King of Terror would come. Stupid, stupid, King of Terror. He should have come and burned us all away. For 24 years, I forgot who I was. All I could remember was my name. I finally remembered one year ago. The day the King of Terror was supposed to come but didn’t. There’s no King of Terror, but I want to die. The repairs were incomplete. The time machine malfunctioned. When I arrived in 1975, I couldn’t remember anything. They found me lying in the street like a broken doll and took me to a hospital. Now I’ve been living on my own for years, but that’s as Hashida Suzu, a normal person who forgot the duty and mission of Amane Suzuha I only remembered last year. I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed
UNSPOKEN: I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I’m a failure
Suzuha: Something went wrong! I don’t know what. The repairs were incomplete. But it’s not Dad’s fault, it’s mine. I should have gone straight to 1975. I shouldn’t have stopped in 2010, but I was selfish and now the future is doomed. There’s no IBN 5100. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. For what purpose have I lived to this age? I forgot my duty and lived a carefree life instead. Now my life has no meaning at all. It’s worthless. Worthless. Worthless. I wish I hadn’t remembered. I’m glad I finally remembered. I’m glad I had this chance to say sorry. Forgive me. Forgive me. Forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me! My plan failed. I spent this whole year asking myself why. I finally figured it out. If I hadn’t postponed my leap to 1975, this wouldn’t have happened. Okabe Rintaro. After the offline meet, you stopped me from going to 1975. I was really happy, but that’s where it all went wrong. I should have left. I shouldn’t have waited. That was my last chance. That night, there was a thunderstorm. My time machine was flooded. If you can go back to that day, please, please, let me leave. Then, I can bring you the IBN 5100. I can fulfill my mission. Please. That’s all I want. I promised Dad. This was his dream. I want to change the future. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. My life was meaningless.
UNSPOKEN: My hands curl, crumpling the page. I realize that I am crying. Suzuha failed? She lost her memory? Her life... was meaningless? This can’t be happening. Nobody says a word. Their faces, like mine, are frozen in disbelief. I turn to Daru. He’s whiter than a sheet.
Rintaro: Daru... didn’t you fix the time machine?
Itaru: I... I did... I thought I did... but I mean, that was my first time repairing a time machine. I might have missed something.
Rintaro: Missed something!? Whatever you missed cost your daughter 24 years of her life!
Itaru: I didn’t do it on purpose!
Kurisu: Calm down, both of you. Hashida did everything he could. He doesn’t deserve your anger, Okabe.
Rintaro: How can you be so calm!?
Kurisu: That’s how I am. Sorry. Now calm down.