Rintaro: Thanks.
UNSPOKEN: The worldline has changed. Which means that our IBN 5100 should be in the development room. I head back there to search for it. But contrary to my expectations, I can’t find it anywhere. What’s going on? I look at my watch. It’s 7:43 PM. Moeka’s men attack at... what time again? My heart is pounding like a drum. That D-Mail was supposed to fix everything. The trains are moving as scheduled, which means that Moeka’s men aren’t about to attack. So why does it feel like nothing’s fixed at all? The IBN 5100’s absence is extremely disturbing. I want to sit down and think about where it could have gone, but a voice in my head is screaming that there’s no time. I need to calm down. It’s hard to think straight after everything that’s happened. I check my watch again. 7:46 PM. Images from the assault flash through my mind. Mayuri bleeding to death on the floor. The smell of gunpowder in the air. I frantically shake the visions out of my head. I look towards the lab entrance. The door has yet to be kicked in by a team of hitmen. I swallow hard, petrified with terror. Please, don’t let anything happen. ...It’s past 9. I peek at the street through the window. Nobody’s there.
Itaru: Are you waiting for someone? You keep looking out the window.
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s right. I’ve probably looked out the window 20 times in the past hour. And not a suspicious figure in sight. Moeka’s men still haven’t appeared. The raid was before 8, if I remember correctly. I think it’s safe to say that my changes to the past have prevented it from occurring. Suzuha’s sacrifice was not in vain. I let out a deep breath. I’m sweaty and disgusting. It’s like my anxiety has pushed all the sweat out of my body.
Rintaro: Mayuri. Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: The two girls woke up from their nap about half an hour ago. Now they’re eating cup noodles.
Kurisu: Wait... did you just say my name correctly?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me in astonishment, like she can’t believe her ears.
Rintaro: When you’re done eating, go home. It’s late, so I’ll go with you.
Mayuri: Okeydokey!
Kurisu: I don’t need an escort from you. I can get back by myself.