Rintaro: Mister Braun gave it to me. It’s a device that can measure the divergence of worldlines.
Mayuri: Wow, that sounds amazing... what’s a worldline?
UNSPOKEN: I smile wryly.
Rintaro: Mayuri, you really are a dummy.
UNSPOKEN: What am I doing? After I left Tennouji’s house, I called Mayuri to ask when she would arrive in Akiba. Then, I went to the station to pick her up. Anxiety still smolders in my heart. We managed to survive yesterday, but that doesn’t guarantee our safety forever. It’s entirely possible for Moeka to attack now, on the afternoon of the 14th. Maybe I’m being overprotective, but I still can’t shake the image of Mayuri’s death from my mind. I don’t ever want to have to go through that again.
Rintaro: Just a thought, Mayuri, but don’t you think maybe you should stop coming to Akiba for a while? At least until ComiMa ends.
UNSPOKEN: No response. I look to the side.
Rintaro: Mayuri!?
UNSPOKEN: Panicked, I scan the area and catch sight of her wandering towards a newly-opened shaved ice stand. That ditz... Can’t she tell how worried I am?
Kurisu: So you’re the devoted type, huh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is glaring at me with an ice coffee in her hand. We’re in the lab, which appears to have become her second home.
Rintaro: What’s that supposed to mean?
UNSPOKEN: I’m sitting at the computer, searching for intel on the IBN 5100. I still don’t know where it is. I went to Yanabayashi Shrine this morning, but alas, it wasn’t there. Suzuha promised to get one to us somehow. Her gift to us from 1975. Without it, we can’t hack into SERN’s database, meaning we can’t achieve divergence over 1%.
Kurisu: All of a sudden, you’re treating Mayuri like a princess. Today you went to the station to meet her, you taste tested her lunch, and then you held her hand all the way back to the lab.
Mayuri: Okarin really loves Mayushii! Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: Did she have to tell Kurisu, of all people? Mayuri looks so carefree as she stuffs her cheeks with takoyaki. I’m pretty sure she’s smiling not because of my love, but because of the takoyaki’s deliciousness. Typical Mayuri. But seriously, did you have to tell Kurisu?
Kurisu: So what’s the deal?
Rintaro: I don’t follow.
Kurisu: Are you a couple or what? I’ve been meaning to ask.
Rintaro: Do we look like a couple?
Kurisu: Huh!? Uh... well... umm...
UNSPOKEN: Just what sort of delusions does this girl have?
Mayuri: You know, Okarin and Mayushii have been friends since we were little♪ Mwawoohii’s weeally hwawy nawo.
Rintaro: Don’t talk with your mouth full.
Kurisu: So... you’re not a couple. Oh. Well, of course! No one would willingly date Okabe, after all.
Rintaro: Pff. You disappoint me, Christina!
Kurisu: Hah? What are you talking about?
Rintaro: You have finally revealed your true nature. I saw how your eyes lit up at the first hint of romance! You’re nothing but a filthy mainstream girl! I bet you like to eat chocolate with your girlfriends and giggle about the latest celebrity love affair! Absurd! This lab has no need of the puppies and flowers in your head!
UNSPOKEN: It feels strange to be spewing this chuunibyou nonsense again, after what I’ve been through. Gh, is my innocence lost forever?
Kurisu: What the hell are you on about, you self-proclaimed mad scientist chuunibyou nutcase?
UNSPOKEN: It’s been a long time since I argued with Kurisu like this too. The thought brings a sudden pang of loneliness. After failing to save Mayuri, I sought help from this genius girl. Even though her words were at times harsh, she supported and encouraged me to the end. But now, all of that has vanished along with the time we spent with Suzuha. Thank you for your help, Kurisu. I silently give her my sincere gratitude. I finish typing on the X68000’s keyboard and sigh, then turn to the divergence meter sitting on the shelf. The display reads 0. 409431%. What does that mean?
Suzuha: The universe is like this piece of yarn. Countless possible worldlines exist side by side, branching out to infinity. When the meter reads over 1%, you’ve made it to the Beta worldline. If you escape the Alpha attractor field and reach the Beta worldline... then the result will change. Reach 1% divergence... and you’ll save Shiina Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: Then... does that mean I haven’t saved her? Divergence is still less than 1%. Is the world still converging on Mayuri’s death? It can’t be. It can’t be. I mean, nothing happened yesterday. Mayuri’s here, safe and sound. So nothing will happen to her. It won’t. I want to believe that, but the doubt within my heart is growing, thick and black. I can hardly think about anything else now. No matter how hard I stare at it, the number on the meter doesn’t change a digit. So far, Reading Steiner has only activated after we sent past-changing D-Mails. What about when I time leap? The vertigo I feel when I time leap might be caused by Reading Steiner. Or maybe it’s just a side effect of the memory transfer. It’s impossible to know. In any case, I’ve prepared for the worst. I’ve already set the Time Leap Machine’s timer to send my memories three hours into the past. And with Daru’s help, I found a remote for the 42-inch CRT downstairs. Our previous PhoneWave (name subject to change) experiments made a hole in the floor. Instead of fixing the hole, I made it bigger. The 42-inch CRT is right under the hole, so if I point the remote at the hole and press the power button, the TV turns on. Now, should things go wrong, I can time leap at a moment’s notice. And I also have Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake on hand, in case of emergency.
Kurisu: Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu enters the development room.
Kurisu: Didn’t you say we weren’t going to experiment with the Time Leap Machine?
Rintaro: This is just in case.
Kurisu: In case what?