UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri’s arm gets heavy. I trip forward and land on my face.
Rintaro: Mayu--
UNSPOKEN: Our hands were separated in the fall. I grope around and soon find her slender hand.
Mayuri: O...kari...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s feeble whisper reaches my ears. Was she hit!? The Rounder’s blind shot hit Mayuri!?
Mayuri: It... hurts...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s voice quickly fades away. Strength drains from her fingers.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Come on! Get up!
UNSPOKEN: But Mayuri doesn’t answer. ...I’m sorry, Mayuri. Once again, I’ve failed to save you. I thought I’d succeeded, but I was wrong. I hear my teeth grinding in my head.
Kurisu: Stop! Stop!
Itaru: Don’t shoot meeeee!
UNSPOKEN: I hear Kurisu and Daru screaming as the gunfire continues.
Rintaro: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: A sharp pain flares at the top of my head. I press down with my hand. It comes away soaked with blood.
Rintaro: Ah, aahhh...
UNSPOKEN: It hurts it hurts it hurts! It feels like someone took a saw to my skull. My ears are ringing. I stumble. I can’t stand up straight. I need to get to the Time Leap Machine! I squeeze Mayuri’s limp hand one last time, then crawl to the development room, fumble for the headgear, and put it on. I point the remote at the hole and press the power button. The TV turns on downstairs. I can hear people laughing on the screen.
Attacker A: Target A, Target C secured.
Kurisu: Run, Okabe! Run!
UNSPOKEN: Shit! I clench my fists in frustration. The Time Leap Machine is already activated. The discharge phenomenon is starting. The floor begins to shake. Once again... I leap to the past.
Rintaro: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: The world collapses, then reforms. Once again, I feel that odd numbness behind my eyes. The pain at the top of my head is gone. I wipe the sweat off my brow and look around. I can’t see Moad Snake’s vapor any more. The air is clear. Kurisu is reading a western book like usual. Mayuri is playing a handheld game while eating a banana. Daru isn’t here. I recall he said he was going out somewhere.
Rintaro: Mayu--
UNSPOKEN: I quickly swallow my words.
Mayuri: Okarin? You want a banana too?
UNSPOKEN: When I wave my hand no, Mayuri tilts her head quizzically, then goes back to her game. I sink into the sofa and close my eyes. Somehow, I resist the urge to scream in frustration. I have to think. I erased our memories with Suzuha. I changed the worldline. But it wasn’t enough. The divergence meter still reads 0. 4%. How do I get that above 1%? Wait. If I try to solve the problem alone, it’ll just end the same way. I need to consult Kurisu.
Rintaro: Kurisu, come with me a second.
UNSPOKEN: I lead her out of the lab. We sit on the bench in front of the building. Suzuha’s bicycle is still absent.
Kurisu: What is it? You don’t normally say my name normally.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns at her own words.
Kurisu: That came out weird.
Rintaro: Please... help me.
Kurisu: ...Now this is a shock. I never thought I’d hear those words from you. Do you have a fever?
Rintaro: No jokes. I seriously need your help.
Kurisu: You time leaped, didn’t you?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: How much do you know?
Kurisu: How much do I know about what?
Rintaro: How about Suzuha being John Titor?
Kurisu: Eh!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a blank stare.
Kurisu: It never even occurred to me.
UNSPOKEN: When we prevented Suzuha from leaving on August 9th, she ended up staying until August 13th. But that outcome was changed by my last D-Mail. What happened during those four days on this worldline?
Rintaro: Have you finished the Time Leap Machine?
Kurisu: What are you talking about? I finished it yesterday after an all-nighter, remember? When did you leap from?
Rintaro: 8 PM tonight.
UNSPOKEN: It looks like I’ll have to explain everything all over again.
Kurisu: Hmmm...
UNSPOKEN: I told her about Mayuri’s many deaths, and about what happened with Suzuha and Moeka. I also gave a summary of what Suzuha told me about the structure of the universe. Kurisu does not appear to doubt my story.
Kurisu: So basically, you win if you get the IBN 5100 back.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sums up what I told her.
Kurisu: This is just a guess... But maybe you should look at what Amane-san said from the opposite angle. I think the critical change takes place when you get the IBN 5100 and erase the data in SERN’s database. That instant is most likely when you’ll achieve divergence over 1%.
Rintaro: The problem is where the IBN 5100 is now.
Kurisu: You’ve already found it once. That is, if your memories are real. If you can get back to the worldline where you first obtained it, then isn’t it bound to return to you?
Rintaro: I see... You’re right. The IBN 5100 was at the lab, and then it suddenly disappeared.
Kurisu: You threw a fit about that earlier. I remember thinking, ’Oh god, Okabe’s finally lost his ability to distinguish fantasy from reality.’
Rintaro: You’re such a wannabe American. What do you mean, ’oh god’? Oh, I get it. Chris-chan is a Chris-tian.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me in disdain as soon as those words leave my lips.
Kurisu: That’s terrible.
Rintaro: ...I regret it too.
UNSPOKEN: This is no time for puns.
Rintaro: So, Christina... let me see if I understand what you’re saying. The changes we made to the worldline -- namely, all of the D-Mails we’ve sent -- must be reversed. That will return us to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.
UNSPOKEN: From what I’ve experienced so far, I’m confident that the IBN 5100’s disappearance from the lab wasn’t due to theft. After all, I was sleeping at the lab. And whenever I wasn’t around, another lab mem was. The lab was occupied every hour of the day. It would have been impossible for someone to steal that heavy computer without anyone noticing. It makes more sense to assume that a D-Mail caused us to diverge from the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.
Kurisu: It’s still a hypothesis. I only came to that conclusion based on your explanation. If you’re mistaking your facts, deceiving me, or shooting off delusions, then this hypothesis will fail.