Kurisu: You can’t just blindly follow this hypothesis either. You may have a safety net, but if you get careless and leave yourself without a way out... Then you’ll never get another chance to save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I know that. I’d ask for Suzuha’s opinion too, if she were here, but on this worldline, she traveled to 1975 on the night of August 9th. There’s no way I can speak to her now.
Kurisu: Why did the IBN 5100 disappear? Which of the D-Mails caused its disappearance? Figure that out, and you’re well on your way to finding the solution.
Rintaro: What I don’t understand is how we delayed the timing of Mayuri’s death exactly 24 hours.
Kurisu: True, that is interesting. Maybe it’s related to the change in divergence. It could be the Butterfly Effect. If that’s the case, any trivial change could produce a significantly deviant result. Anyway, it’s important to act with discretion. Don’t do anything careless. Your death, Okabe, is the worst thing that could possibly happen. You’re probably the only person who can remember previous worldlines. If you die, then consider Mayuri dead for good. ...Don’t die. Okay?
Rintaro: ...You’re not worried about me, are you?
Kurisu: W-what!? Don’t be ridiculous! Why should I care!? I’m not worried about you, okay? Don’t get the wrong idea. I just don’t want to lose a valuable test subject, that’s all. Yeah! That brain of yours has accumulated memories spanning worldlines and time leaps. It’s a precious sample that can rewrite the history of neuroscience! I want to map your brain and find out just what’s going on in there. In other words, your time leaping helps me, too! After all, the Time Leap Machine is the fruit of my research, so to speak, and I--
Rintaro: Calm down.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away with a sour expression. This assistant of mine can be difficult sometimes. Anyway. I consider her hypothesis. In order to return to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine, we need to cancel all the D-Mails we sent so far. The theory is sound, and I’ve got nothing else to go on. I check the clock. It’s 6:42 PM. Only one hour until Moeka’s raid. I decide to time leap once more, to the afternoon of the 13th, just before the Time Leap Machine is completed.
Rintaro: Christina. I’m going to give this plan of yours a shot.
Kurisu: Oh. G-great.
UNSPOKEN: I take Kurisu’s hand and grasp it firmly.
Kurisu: Ah...
Rintaro: You’ve been a great help. Sorry for the trouble.
Kurisu: D-don’t apologize, dummy. It’s confusing... And besides, I don’t even remember helping you before! How are you going to take responsibility for this!?
UNSPOKEN: Why is she getting mad at me? I just don’t understand her.
Kurisu: I wish I could remember too... Then I’d always have something to rub your nose in!
Rintaro: You really have an awful personality.
Kurisu: You’re one to talk.