Rintaro: It’s not delicious.
Mayuri: It’s a greeting I can only use for Okarin, so why not? Ehehe!
Rintaro: Where’s Daru?
Mayuri: Hmm, probably at MayQueen?
Rintaro: MayQueen...
UNSPOKEN: So that’s back too.
Rintaro: So when Faris said she had work, she meant at MayQueen... What about you, Mayuri? You work there too, don’t you?
Mayuri: ’Course I do! You know that, Okarin. You’re so weird! Mayushii’s taking a break to prepare for ComiMa tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: The timeline has been corrected, it seems. At least in part. I should stop by MayQueen when I have time. I’ll visit sometime when Mayuri and Faris are working. I didn’t realize it until it was gone, but I think I really like that maid cafe. Kurisu’s reading a western book. It’s the same book as always. It’s pretty hefty, so it must take a long time to read. I walk past her and enter the development room. There sits the Time Leap Machine. Today is Saturday, the 14th of August. The first time Mayuri died, it happened on Friday the 13th. After Suzuha’s sacrifice changed the worldline, Mayuri died on the 14th instead. Her death was delayed 24 hours exactly. If that pattern continues, her death on this worldline should occur tomorrow, the 15th. Just to be safe, I should buy a few days with the Time Leap Machine. I’ll need time to solve the Lukako problem. I should time leap right away. Just before entering the lab, I peeked into the Braun Tube Workshop. The 42-inch CRT was on, so there’s no problem there. Still... Will Mayuri really die on the 15th? I don’t have solid proof. Maybe there is no pattern, and it’s just in my head. Maybe Mayuri dies today. Maybe she dies tomorrow. What I want more than anything is for that never to happen. What happens to Mayuri on this worldline? I mustn’t let my guard down. Not until the IBN 5100 is back in my possession. At the same time, however, I want to know what happens to Mayuri on this worldline. There’s still a chance, however small, that she won’t die. No, don’t hesitate! Hesitation could lead to an irreparable mistake. I don’t want to see Mayuri die again. To see the light fade from her eyes. It’s too painful. So I won’t confirm Mayuri’s death. I don’t want to. All I can do is assume the worst. Retrieving the IBN 5100 is the only sure way to prevent her death. I must not rest until then. I need to time leap now.
Kurisu: Okabe? What are you doing? I thought we weren’t going to--