Rintaro: Whew...
UNSPOKEN: The worst is over. All that’s left is a headache. Now I have my answer. Mayuri’s death is still fixed, just as in my heart I knew it would be. The change merely delayed it by another 24 hours. I need to cancel Lukako’s D-Mail. I sit down in a pipe chair and try to come up with a plan. Nothing. I’ve been searching for a way to tell Lukako the truth, but every mental simulation I run ends with her in tears. I suppose that’s to be expected. After all, I’ve already seen it happen once. I mistook Lukako for a guy, and she ended up in tears. I mean, Lukako cries at just about anything... To broach the topic now would be like poking an open wound. Damn. It looks like I have no choice but to ask Kurisu. She’s a girl, so she should understand how Lukako feels. I call Kurisu out to the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop. We’re alone.
Kurisu: This seems serious.
Rintaro: Yes. I have a difficult problem that requires... delicacy to resolve.
Kurisu: Delicacy? That’s like the exact opposite of what anyone expects from you.
Rintaro: That’s why I want to ask a girl. Plus, you’re my assistant, so I need you to save my ass this instant.
Kurisu: Oh, you. Why do you need to ask a girl anyway?
UNSPOKEN: I give her the rundown -- including how many times I’ve time leaped, and what happened with Suzuha and Faris. How many times have I explained this to her now? This time, she believes me more readily than I expected. The only thing she doesn’t believe is the story about Lukako.
Kurisu: Urushibara-san is actually a guy? That’s totally ridiculous.
Rintaro: But it’s the truth. Was the truth.
Kurisu: So basically, umm...
UNSPOKEN: She wrinkles her brow in thought.
Kurisu: She looked like Hashida?
UNSPOKEN: Crap, I got a mental image there for a second. Judging by her expression, so did Kurisu.
Rintaro & Kurisu: Ugh.
UNSPOKEN: We grimace.
Kurisu: Unacceptable! There’s no way such a cute girl was a guy.
Rintaro: Hey, hold your horses. I never said that Lukako looked like a guy. He actually looked pretty much the same. He was always androgynous, so much you couldn’t help but think he was secreting excess female hormones or something.
UNSPOKEN: As a result, I didn’t even notice when Lukako became a girl at first, and made a fatal mistake.
Kurisu: He looked like she does now?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s gaze wanders for bit...
Kurisu: Acceptable.
UNSPOKEN: What?
Kurisu: Anyway. You want to turn her back into a guy?
Rintaro: Unless we do, Mayuri dies.
Kurisu: Mayuri’s life is tied to Urushibara-san’s gender... That’s so crazy it doesn’t seem real at all. Have you come up with a solution?
Rintaro: Of course. I’ll have Lukako turn back into a guy.
Kurisu: I don’t know if she’s going to appreciate that.
Rintaro: That’s why I’m consulting you, so I can find a way to do this while hurting her the least.
UNSPOKEN: I take a mouthful of Dr P in a vain attempt to quiet my frustration.
Rintaro: ...If only I hadn’t been so careless. I shouldn’t have let so many people send D-Mails.
UNSPOKEN: This is my punishment. I must shoulder the pain of everyone who used a D-Mail -- Suzuha, Faris, and now Lukako.
Kurisu: Regret won’t change anything. There’s only one piece of advice I can give.
UNSPOKEN: Christina sighs, blowing her bangs.
Kurisu: Don’t say anything to Urushibara-san.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: Based on what you’ve told me, you have the advantage this time. You already know the contents of the D-Mail. So you don’t have to tell her -- him? Ex-him? ...You don’t have to tell Urushibara-san. Just send the cancellation D-Mail.
Rintaro: You mean pose as Lukako and send the mail to her mother myself?
Kurisu: If the worldline changes, then that will all be undone. In which case, ethical concerns don’t really matter.
UNSPOKEN: The end justifies the means. A philosophy worthy of a scientist.
Rintaro: Just one problem. I don’t know her mother’s pager number.
Kurisu: What!? Are you an idiot!? Why didn’t you write it down!?
Rintaro: I didn’t think I would need it!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clicks her tongue. She rubs her brow with her fingers while muttering and thinking.
Kurisu: What if you just ask for the pager number directly? Think up a good excuse.
Rintaro: That’s going to look suspicious...
Kurisu: What are you so scared of? That’s not the vain and arrogant Okabe I know.
UNSPOKEN: Vain and arrogant? That was uncalled for. I don’t have time to be Hououin Kyouma now.
Kurisu: Just make up some nonsense like you always do. I mean, you know how gullible she is, right? ...Wow, I hate myself for saying that. I’m a bad girl.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hangs her head.
Rintaro: Maybe I should just tell her the truth. Sincerity will work better than underhanded tricks... I think.
Kurisu: A mad scientist, sincere? That’s a good one. It’s more like you to say ’I’ll brainwash her, muhahaha!’.
UNSPOKEN: I’m being serious, dammit!
Rintaro: I will shoulder Lukako’s pain. That’s my responsibility. When I cancel that D-Mail, the fact that she was a girl will be undone. I’m the only one who can carry that burden.
Kurisu: So what are you talking to me for? Go to her now, and tell her what you told me.