Rintaro: What’s to be embarrassed about? I have a harder time thinking of you as a girl anyway.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako jerks like someone poked her with a cattle prod. Her crying has stopped. Um... What did I do!?
Luka: ...that’s how... you... of me...
Rintaro: What? I couldn’t hear you.
UNSPOKEN: She lowers her hands and looks at me. Then she smiles... a soft, sorrowful smile.
Luka: So that’s how you think of me...
UNSPOKEN: Then, Lukako shakes off my hands and runs away.
Rintaro: Lukako! Wait!!
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t stop even when I call her. She disappears into the shrine office. It turned out just as my mental simulations predicted. I sigh and leave the shrine, dejected. I need to come up with a plan... When I get back to the lab, I take Kurisu out to the bench and explain what happened. Kurisu listens with an annoyed expression the whole time. When I finish, she glares at me and says--
Kurisu: You raised a flag.
Rintaro: What are you talking about?
Kurisu: Don’t you get it? You raised a flag. Or I guess you could say you tripped over a flag that was already raised.
Rintaro: You mean a death flag?
Kurisu: Why!? It’s a romance flag, genius.
Rintaro: Wha...!
UNSPOKEN: A... romance flag?
Kurisu: Urushibara-san likes you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts her finger at me.
Kurisu: When her beloved Hououin Kyouma told her she was a guy, it tore her pure maidenly heart into tiny little pieces. In other words, your plan was a massive failure.
UNSPOKEN: She sure is calm when it’s my neck on the line.
Kurisu: Love is trouble. There’s no formula for calculating people’s feelings. Too many unknowns to solve for.
UNSPOKEN: She shakes her head like she can’t imagine anything worse. Has this girl never been in love?
Kurisu: The direct approach was a mistake. It’ll be even harder to persuade her now. You should think of another way this time. Like asking her mother directly. Though I’m sure the Urushibara family already thinks of you as the man who made their daughter cry. So they might have their guard up.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako likes me? I don’t want to believe it. I mean, I appreciate the sentiment, but...
Rintaro: Um... when do you think I first set off that romance flag?
Kurisu: How should I know?
Rintaro: I mean, think about it. Lukako was a guy last week. If he already liked me at that point, then...
UNSPOKEN: Uh-oh.
Kurisu: That’s just your perspective. From everyone else’s perspective, she was always a girl. It makes perfect sense. Think in terms of the current worldline.
UNSPOKEN: R-right. It makes perfect sense. Still...
Kurisu: Anyway, there’s a bigger problem. Will changing Urushibara-san’s gender to male really bring the IBN 5100 back?
Rintaro: Something is different from the previous worldline. According to Lukako’s father, the IBN 5100 was definitely at Yanabayashi Shrine. Suzuha gave it to Faris’s dad. After he died, Faris donated it to Yanabayashi Shrine... That sequence is the same as on the worldline where I obtain the IBN 5100.
Kurisu: So you’re gradually approaching the original worldline. You know, I’ve been thinking. You really shouldn’t be able to change the worldline so easily.
Rintaro: What makes you say that?
Kurisu: I mean, there are six billion people in the world. It doesn’t make sense that switching a single person’s gender could cause such a huge change in the worldline.
Rintaro: According to Suzuha, taking different actions after a time leap will only change divergence by around 0. 000001%, if at all. But when I canceled Faris’s D-Mail, there was a 0. 05% change.
Kurisu: 0. 05% is pretty big. What did Amane-san have to say about that?
Rintaro: The year 2010 is a major attractor field junction, and the key is whether or not I obtain an IBN 5100.
Kurisu: Maybe the divergence meter actually measures your distance to the IBN 5100... In any case, what you’re saying is that all of the D-Mails we sent had an influence on the IBN 5100’s location somehow?
Rintaro: There were also some D-Mails that didn’t activate Reading Steiner.
Kurisu: Hmmm. So just cancel the D-Mails that activated Reading Steiner, and the IBN 5100 might come back to you.
UNSPOKEN: The remaining D-Mails were sent by Lukako, and...
Rintaro: ...Kiryu Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to see that woman again if I can help it. In any case, I should focus on Lukako right now.
Rintaro: So what should I do about Lukako?
Kurisu: Well, you tripped a romance flag, so... Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ponders this for a while.
Kurisu: ...Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Then she blushes, for some reason, and turns away.
Kurisu: B-by the way, Okabe. Is there... someone you like? Wh-why aren’t you answering?
Rintaro: Not really.
UNSPOKEN: For a second, Mayuri’s face floated through my mind. But I feel more of a need to protect her, rather than romantic love for her.
Kurisu: Oh... okay.
Rintaro: Why do you ask?
Kurisu: Ah, no, just wondering! There’s no hidden meaning, okay!?
Rintaro: Why are you mad? Also, your face is red.
Kurisu: Is not! A-anyway! You should go out with Urushibara-san!
Rintaro: ...Seriously?
Kurisu: Y-you don’t like anyone else, right? Then answer her feelings, you dummy.
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this name-calling?
Rintaro: Mayuri dies in two days. I don’t have time to play boyfriend.
Kurisu: Just go out with her.
Rintaro: ...Seriously?
Kurisu: If there’s nobody you like, then there’s no reason not to, is there? Get close and help her work through her feelings. Then she’ll probably tell you what you need to know.
Rintaro: Mayuri dies in two days. I don’t have time for that touchy-feely stuff.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu’s expression turns grave.
Kurisu: ...Only consider this as a last resort. If you’re willing to hurt Urushibara-san, you can always take the information by force. She’ll forget after the worldline changes, won’t she? In that case, I think it’s a valid option. But only when compared to Mayuri’s death. ...I hate myself for suggesting this.