Rintaro: What...did you say...?
UNSPOKEN: A date...? True, when a couple goes somewhere together, that’s called a date. It would really be a dick move if I refused to go on a date right after we started going out.
Rintaro: Okay, but where?
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Doesn’t look like she’s got a place in mind.
Luka: I want to go where you want to go, Okabe-san... Um, I want to know more about the places you frequent, Okabe-san...
UNSPOKEN: So in other words, she wants me to decide for her? It’s really unfair to be so cute. People will forgive you for anything you say. I scratch my head in thought.
Rintaro: ...Then I’ll come up with something by tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: For now, I just want to get out of this sickeningly sweet atmosphere that’s brewing. We arrange to meet tomorrow morning. Then I quickly leave the shrine behind. I breathe a sigh of relief at the sparsity of pedestrians on Manseibashi bridge.
Kurisu: Well?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is walking behind me. She was completely useless.
Kurisu: Did you agree to go out with her? Well, I can kind of guess based on Urushibara-san’s reaction.
Rintaro: Wait, you saw that!?
Kurisu: You told me to watch, didn’t you?
UNSPOKEN: Oh yeah... I was expecting her to give me advice. Guess I should’ve known better.
Rintaro: ...We’re going on a date tomorrow.
Kurisu: Yeah?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu makes a small nasal sound. She hasn’t been making eye contact.
Kurisu: Our insane mad scientist is dating a high school girl. That’s not insane at all.
Rintaro: Gh...
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, Kurisu. Must you always be so cynical? Let’s just ignore her and get to the lab. But just as I quicken my pace, she grabs my shoulder and pulls me back. I almost fall down backwards.
Rintaro: What was that for!?
Kurisu: Sorry. I didn’t mean to be snippy. I’m just a little irritated.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t tell me what she’s irritated about. Instead, she starts rubbing her temples.
Kurisu: You made this choice to save Mayuri. So I’ll change my way of thinking too. Anyway, do you have any plans for your date tomorrow?
UNSPOKEN: Date plans. I told Lukako I’d come up with something by tomorrow. So far, I’ve made no progress. I can’t help but feel uneasy about the whole thing, even though I’m doing it to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Well, do you?
UNSPOKEN: T-this calls for Hououin Kyouma...
Rintaro: ...I have only one thing to say, assistant mine. I am the great Hououin Kyouma, a mad scientist with an IQ rivaling that of Isaac Newton himself!
Kurisu: And?
Rintaro: Naturally, as a mad scientist, I have no interest in this thing mortals call love. My incredible brain is devoted to the destruction of the System that controls the world, and the birth of a new age of chaos!
Kurisu: You’re obviously a virgin, thank you ver-- ...Hah!? ...P-pretend you didn’t just hear that.
Rintaro: Damn you, assistant! How dare you point out the truth so bluntly! I won’t forget this insult!
Kurisu: S-sorry...
Rintaro: And what about you!? Your experience must be vast indeed if you think you can lecture me about it!
Kurisu: Ugh...
UNSPOKEN: I don’t miss Christina’s grimace.
Rintaro: That’s what I thought! You spend all your time on research, so you’ve got zero experience, don’t you!? You must’ve been awfully lonely in America, huh!?
Kurisu: Shut up! What’s wrong with being a virgin!? ...Hah!? Ah... awhawha...
Rintaro: The genius girl who cried ’virgin’ at the center of Akiba...
UNSPOKEN: I wouldn’t be surprised to see it plastered across the blogosphere. Thankfully, it’s early morning, but there are still a few pedestrians grinning at Kurisu.
Kurisu: L-let’s get out of here!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts to hurry away.
Kurisu: What’s important for a first date is to make a good impression. An unclean appearance is out of the question. A haircut is especially important. Long hair looks dirty, so it’s no good. For clothes, you should wear something exactly the right size. Though it may be trendy, especially in Akiba, for young men to wear baggy clothes, it looks sloppy, so it’s not good.
UNSPOKEN: ...Why exactly am I in a maid cafe, getting date advice from my younger assistant (who is also a girl)?
Kurisu: On the first date, conversation tends to break due to mutual nervousness. What’s important is to play ’conversation catch’. One-sided conversations aren’t fun for the other side. Girls especially like to talk, so the guy should try to keep the conversation going. Not just by listening. Throwing in appropriate responses is also necessary. Responsiveness gives the girl the impression that you’re really listening to her. Basically, you need to be the opposite of yourself. Anyway, focus on acting normal for now. No more of that idiotic laughter. You’re too heavy-handed with girls. You talk too pompously. You fire off nonsensical delusions.
Rintaro: Hey! You’re just reading out of a dating manual, so you’ve got no right to look down on me, you American virgin!
UNSPOKEN: Since neither of us knows anything about romance, we’re studying out of a dating manual we bought on the way here.
Kurisu: Who are you calling an American virgin?
Rintaro: Who else but you?
Kurisu: Yeah, sure thing, virgin. There’s a saying. ’A fortress is judged by how many attacks it repulses; a soldier is judged by how many fortresses he takes.’
Rintaro: That’s not a saying. Don’t look so proud of yourself.
Kurisu: ...You’re right. This is a dumb argument. Anyway, this dating manual actually says some pretty interesting things.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu flips through the manual on top of the table.
Kurisu: Like ’when walking down the street, be sure to put yourself between your date and the road’ or ’whatever you do, don’t make the girl pay for anything’. Okay! For your date tomorrow, make sure you follow all of these rules.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if I can really be that careful...
Kurisu: And after that, there’s... carry a clean handkerchief. Spread it out when the girl goes to sit on a park bench.
Rintaro: I’m not her butler.
Kurisu: But that’s what the book says. When it’s time to eat, avoid fast food of all kinds. Family restaurants are borderline acceptable. Anything else depends on your budget.