UNSPOKEN: While they discuss what to do, I sigh and consider the situation.
Rintaro: This isn’t going to work.
UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100 is still out of reach. There are two D-Mails left to cancel. Something tells me that if I cancel just one more, I can get back the IBN 5100. But which one?
Luka: Um, Okabe-san. I don’t really understand, but please don’t be sad. J-just go ’It matters not!’ like you always do.
UNSPOKEN: I chuckle. Lukako’s so adorable when he’s trying to cheer me up. But he’s a guy.
Rintaro: You’re using that phrase wrong, you know.
UNSPOKEN: I wave goodbye and leave the shrine. Two D-Mails remain. First, the one I sent to myself with the winning LOTO SIX numbers. That one should be easy to cancel. The problem is the other one, the one sent by someone I wish I could forget. Kiryu Moeka. I know the gist of her D-Mail, since she sent it as part of our early experiments. When Moeka asked to send a D-Mail, I agreed under two conditions. First, make the contents simple enough that the D-Mail’s effects would be obvious. Second, make the contents public to all lab mems. Moeka ended up sending a D-Mail to prevent herself from buying a new phone a few days prior. The D-Mail was sent to July 31st, an easy date to remember. The question is how it relates to the theft of the IBN 5100. It must be the Butterfly Effect, as it was with Lukako’s D-Mail. This time, however, I will not hesitate to do what is necessary. Kiryu Moeka does not deserve my sympathy. That woman and her men have killed Mayuri more times than I can bear to remember. I will show her no mercy. There’s just one problem. The cancellation D-Mail needs to be sent from Moeka’s own phone. I don’t think a message from me telling her not to change phones would sway Moeka’s intentions in the slightest. I need her phone, but I don’t know where to find her. What do I do? I return to the lab and set things up so I can time leap at a moment’s notice.  Fortunately, that isn’t necessary.
Mayuri: Phew. I’m stuffed! I barely ate today, so I was hungry!
Kurisu: Is there more tomorrow?
Mayuri: Yeah, and the day after, too.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri just got back from ComiMa 30 minutes ago. She and Kurisu, who stayed behind at the lab, have just finished eating cup noodles. It’s already past 8, and so far, nothing has happened. Mayuri is still alive. Going by the pattern, her death has probably been postponed until about this time tomorrow. Is this the will of some higher being? God, fate, the universe itself? Or is it merely coincidence? That doesn’t matter now.
Mayuri: Okeydokey! Mayushii’s got an early day tomorrow, so I’m going home.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a big stretch and starts getting ready to go home. She’s been up since five this morning. Looks like she plans to wake up early tomorrow, too. That reminds me. I haven’t seen Daru at all. He’s fighting in the ComiMa Holy War too, so that doesn’t surprise me. Busy checking his spoils, I guess.
Mayuri: Hey guys, why don’t you come too?
Rintaro: I’ll pass, but my assistant looks like she wants to go.
Kurisu: What!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jumps up at my answer.
Kurisu: Hey! Don’t put words in my mouth!
Rintaro: I saw your eyes sparkling while you listened to Mayuri’s cosplay stories.
Kurisu: Maybe, but nobody said anything about going.
Mayuri: Come on, Chris-chan!
UNSPOKEN: I know that Kurisu is an @channeler, but is she an otaku? Not all @channelers are otaku, but she has often hinted at an interest in cosplay.
Kurisu: No way. I’d suffocate in a crowd like that.
Mayuri: It’s not as crowded on day two! If you’re worried, come in the afternoon. All the popular stuff will be sold out, though.
Kurisu: You go, Okabe. You’re Mayuri’s guardian, aren’t you?
Mayuri: No, Mayushii is Okarin’s hostage!
Kurisu: Oh, right. That’s what it was. Well you don’t want your hostage to escape, do you? Shouldn’t you take her along in handcuffs or something?
Rintaro: I’ve got business in Akiba.
Kurisu: What do you mean, business?
UNSPOKEN: The search for Kiryu Moeka. I already sent her an email -- We need to talk. -- and now I’m awaiting her reply. Something tells me it’s not going to work.
Kurisu: No answer? I guess it was just an excuse.
Rintaro: Christina. We need to talk.
Kurisu: Again? Abrupt as usual.
Rintaro: Hm? What do you mean, again?
Kurisu: Nothing.
Mayuri: Whatcha gonna talk about? You two have been really close lately, huh? You’re always talking together. Mayushii really wants to join in your secret meetings and stuff.
Rintaro: Don’t worry. We’ve been talking about the Time Leap Machine. It would just be gibberish to you.
UNSPOKEN: Not entirely accurate, but not a lie either.
Rintaro: Besides, the purpose of this particular discussion is to convince Christina to attend ComiMa. Prepare for good news, Mayuri! Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Oh, great! Thanks, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waits in the lab as I take Kurisu outside.
Rintaro: So, Christina.
Kurisu: I’m not going to ComiMa.
Rintaro: You said ’again’ just now. We’ve talked like this before, just the two of us?
Kurisu: Losing your memory now? Does our little mad scientist have an acetylcholine deficiency?
Rintaro: I’m being serious.
Kurisu: You’re acting weird today. What’s going on?
Rintaro: Please. I need to know.
Kurisu: I mean, yeah. This is like the fifth time you’ve brought me outside to talk about the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Have we talked about my time leaping?
UNSPOKEN: For an instant, Kurisu opens her eyes wide in surprise. But then, she gives me an angry glare.
Kurisu: You’re time leaping?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: More than a dozen times already.
Kurisu: That many!? What the hell are you doing!?