UNSPOKEN: After I’m done, Kurisu sighs and lightly pats my arm.
Kurisu: Don’t wear yourself out.
Rintaro: It’s a disgrace to be comforted by my assistant.
Kurisu: Why are you always like that!? I’m even trying to be nice. You’re really full of yourself, you know?
Rintaro: I don’t need your sympathy. Everything that happened is my fault. I’m just getting what I deserve. ...Come to think of it, every time I explain this to you, I always end up hating myself in the end.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: Don’t worry about me. Worry about Mayuri. Mayuri will probably die tomorrow. I don’t know how it will happen.
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri stays away from the lab, she can probably avoid running into Moeka and her men. It doesn’t matter, though. She’ll die all the same. All Alpha worldlines converge on her death. Escaping the attractor field is the only way to save her.
Rintaro: Sorry about this, but I want you to be there when she dies tomorrow night.
Kurisu: That’s why you want me to go to ComiMa?
Rintaro: There’s nothing we can do to prevent her death. Just stay close and tell me when it happens. Once I know, I’ll make the time leap.
Kurisu: I can’t believe there’s nothing we can do. It just doesn’t feel real. But it’s the truth, isn’t it? I can see it in your eyes. ...Are you okay?
Rintaro: No. I still haven’t saved Mayu--
Kurisu: I know. That’s not what I meant.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu interrupts me.
Kurisu: Are you okay?
Rintaro: I don’t follow.
Kurisu: You’re carrying an awful burden.
UNSPOKEN: It’s rare for her to look so concerned for me.
Rintaro: I told you not to worry about me. It’s Mayuri you need to worry about. Tomorrow, I’m going to look for Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri doesn’t die tomorrow, I can postpone the time leap. If Mayuri does die tomorrow, I’ll return to the past no matter what.
Rintaro: I wish there were some way that Mayuri wouldn’t have to suffer...
Kurisu: Then why don’t you time leap now?
Rintaro: I can’t plan effectively without knowing the deadline.
Kurisu: I don’t want to see Mayuri die either, you know.
Rintaro: I know how you feel, but you’re the only one I can ask.
Kurisu: Where did all this trust come from?
Rintaro: ...You’re my assistant, after all.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu forces a laugh at my feeble attempt at a joke.
Kurisu: You’re so full of yourself.