Rintaro: Time leap...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka died yesterday around noon. I can go back to before that happened. The reason she died isn’t important. Whether Mayuri’s murderer kills herself is of no concern to me. I just need to cancel that D-Mail! Upon returning to the lab, I casually look up at the second floor window. And what I see shocks me to my core.
Rintaro: Electrical discharge!?
UNSPOKEN: Someone is using the Time Leap Machine! Who!? Mayuri and Daru should be at ComiMa. Not even Kurisu should be here. I asked her to escort Mayuri yesterday. Besides, she’s against changing the past. So who!? The building shakes. The vibration reaches the street. I can’t let this happen. The timeline mustn’t be tampered with again! I need to stop it now! I race up the stairs to the lab. By the time I get there, the shaking has stopped. I quietly peek into the development room. Nobody’s there. The door was unlocked. Anyone could have walked right in. How could we be so careless? The Time Leap Machine is still faintly warm. So somebody did use it. Who? Did they time leap? This is the first time someone else has used the Time Leap Machine. Just to make sure, I check the X68000. As expected, the history’s been erased. The same thing happens when we send a D-Mail. ...There’s nothing I can do about this. It worries me, but I have to focus on Moeka. I set up the Time Leap Machine. The maximum leap time is 48 hours. To leap more than that, you need to leap 48 hours and then leap again. The 42-inch CRT is on downstairs. That’s plain as day, since the discharge phenomenon just occurred. I put on the headgear. Preparations complete. ...Should I really leap now? Don’t be ridiculous. Of course I should. Just a little more, and I can save Mayuri once and for all. I know what will happen if I don’t leap now. Mayuri will die, and I will taste that pain and despair once again. And then, I will leap. It’s the same either way. ...I close my phone. There’s no need to rush. Calm down. I can endure the pain, if need be. I should exploit my one advantage, the Time Leap Machine, to the fullest extent possible, and that means knowing exactly when Mayuri will die. The pattern suggests that Mayuri’s death should happen around 7 or 8 tonight. But things are a little different this time. Moeka killed herself before Mayuri was scheduled to die. How much influence will that have on convergence? There’s a chance Mayuri won’t die. We might already have won. In that case, I shouldn’t waste my effort time leaping. I have no obligation to save Moeka. I’ll wait until Kurisu contacts me. It’s 12:30 now. There are still about 7 hours left. I hear nothing but the slow, steady tick of the clock. The sound is echoing inside my head. Even if I plug my ears, it doesn’t stop. I spent several hours searching for the IBN 5100, but as expected, I found nothing. I still can’t imagine how Moeka’s D-Mail affected the computer’s whereabouts. What does her phone model have to do with anything? Does keeping the same phone somehow tell her that there’s an IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine? That doesn’t make sense. Even the Butterfly Effect must have limits. But on the other hand, truth is often stranger than fiction. Sometimes the simplest things have consequences that no one could ever imagine. So I can’t rule it out entirely either.
Rintaro: In other words... I have nothing.
UNSPOKEN: I twist my lips into a sneer of self-mockery. It’s 7:46 PM, the moment of truth. If Mayuri is indeed fated to die today, I should be hearing from Kurisu soon. I hope nothing happens. All that I ask is to hear Mayuri’s voice -- to know, once and for all, that she is safe.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: An artificial melody cuts through the silence of the lab.
Rintaro: Hello!?
Kurisu: Okabe! She’s... aah... why... I don’t...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is sobbing. So I know. Even without asking. She saw Mayuri die.
Kurisu: She just... I saw it happen! She’s dead! Mayuri’s dead! This... this can’t be... She s-suddenly collapsed. Why!? It doesn’t make sense. She’s not breathing. She won’t answer at all. Please, Mayuri! Okabe, what should I... what do I do? Help! Please! Mayuri’s dead!