UNSPOKEN: I make several more attempts to take her phone while she babbles incoherently, but she just slaps my hand away each time. Next, I try persuasion. I promise to help her search for FB if she lends me her phone. It’s a lie, of course, though come to think of it, I would like a piece of FB, too. But that can wait until after I’ve saved Mayuri.
Moeka: ...uugh...
UNSPOKEN: But Moeka doesn’t buy it. If, that is, she heard me at all. Dammit. We’re not getting anywhere. Maybe I should take it from her by force. But what if she tries to kill me before I can send the D-Mail? In her current state, she might not have the strength to retaliate. On the other hand, if she does retaliate, there’s not much I can do against someone with a gun. What should I do? Her gun... Where would she keep it? I quickly scan the room, but there’s no sign of it. Crap! That startled me. Could she have picked a worse time? I try again, this time asking nicely to borrow her phone. Moeka doesn’t reply. She’s staring at her phone. As she realizes that it’s not her phone ringing, I see fresh tears pool in her eyes. She hangs her head.
Moeka: Why won’t you respond, FB? You’re the one who recruited me...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka starts typing yet another mail. I guess she really doesn’t recognize me. This is frustrating. Why is she acting like the victim here? Does she think she’s a tragic heroine? Does she think she deserves sympathy? You don’t have the right to be so weak. It’s Mayuri who deserves sympathy, not you. She died countless times because of you! Murderer. I swallow the word before it passes my lips.
Rintaro: ...Dammit.
UNSPOKEN: I check my phone. It’s Kurisu calling. I stand up and move to the entrance, where I can take the call without letting Moeka out of my sight.
Rintaro: Hello?
Kurisu: Finally. Where are you?
Rintaro: Hello.
UNSPOKEN: I stand up and move to the entrance, where I can take the call without letting Moeka out of my sight.
Kurisu: Where are you?
Rintaro: ...Sorry, I’m busy.
Kurisu: Is it woman? You’re with a woman, aren’t you?
Rintaro: Is that the first thing that comes to mind? You really are a mainstream girl.
Kurisu: Shut up. You promised you’d help with the PhoneWave, remember? Or is your lab mem number just for show?
Rintaro: Get Daru to help. I can’t do it today.
Kurisu: ...What are you doing? Where are you?
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka’s apartment.
Kurisu: So you are with a woman. You’re the worst.
UNSPOKEN: Has she not met Moeka on this worldline? I quickly give Kurisu a simplified version of the usual explanation. Kurisu listens attentively, as she always does. Maybe she’s more considerate than I give her credit for. As soon as I finish, Kurisu gives it to me straight.
Kurisu: You have to take it from her by force.
Rintaro: You’ve seen too many Hollywood movies.
Kurisu: You’re up against an agent of SERN. Play nice and you could end up dead. Don’t hesitate. Remember you’re doing this to save Mayuri. I know you’re pretty weak and scrawny, but you should be able to handle her in her current state.
UNSPOKEN: Gee, thanks. At least she’s not beating around the bush. Suddenly, she lowers her voice.
Kurisu: You might think I’m a monster for saying this... not that I care what you think, but... Kill her if you have to.
Rintaro: You’re a monster. But you’re not a hypocrite, and that’s what I love about you, Christina.
Kurisu: L-love!? Uh...
UNSPOKEN: What’s the matter with her now?
Rintaro: I mean it. I wish my conviction were as strong as yours.
Kurisu: ...Well, thanks.
Rintaro: But that’s not all, right? There’s a reason you’re willing to suggest murder as an option. How did you reach that conclusion?
Kurisu: Good, you’re still thinking. I can’t be certain whether your story is true, and I don’t quite understand this attractor field hypothesis. But based on what you told me... If this Kiryu woman commits suicide four days from now, then that means her death flag is already active. In other words, this worldline has approved her death. On previous worldlines where that wasn’t the case, you probably couldn’t have killed her even if you tried. Something would have happened to prevent it. Or possibly, killing her would have caused a dramatic shift in worldline divergence. But on this specific worldline, her death is already certain. As you’ve experienced with Mayuri’s death, the result is what matters, not the process. I believe the same applies to Kiryu. It doesn’t matter how she dies.
UNSPOKEN: In other words, I can kill her instead of letting her commit suicide?
Rintaro: She’s already going to die, so that makes it okay. That the kind of argument a murderer would make.
Kurisu: Don’t be a hypocrite. We’re not talking about right and wrong here, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: She’s unforgiving as always, but it actually feels nice to speak frankly like this.
Rintaro: But what about the law? Even if fate forgives me, society won’t.
Kurisu: As long as you have the Time Leap Machine, you can undo anything, even murder. The result will be that you gained the necessary information without killing anybody.
Rintaro: I understand.
Kurisu: ...Phew. Just remember one thing. You’re responsible for what you do. ...I guess that’s quite a thing for me to say, huh? After telling you to kill her.
Rintaro: It’s fine. Your advice was truly becoming of a mad scientist.
Kurisu: Get it done, Okabe. Bye.