UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s face twists in pain and she struggles to escape my grasp. My guillotine choke seems to be working. She doesn’t have the strength to resist. If I push any harder, she really might die. I push harder. Moeka writhes in pain. Tears fall from her eyes and drool from her mouth. As her resistance weakens, my right hand finds Moeka’s phone. She still has it in a tight grip, but I manage to tear it away.
Moeka: Gehh, gehhehuggehgehoh--
UNSPOKEN: I quickly release Moeka and step away.
Moeka: Gehohgehohgehoh, khah, ga... beh.. gh...
UNSPOKEN: She bends over and coughs violently. But still she reaches out to me with tears in her eyes. She wants her phone back. I don’t care. I look at the screen. It shows an email draft with a string of FBs entered. I clear the text and start typing a new mail. But her phone’s different from mine, so I don’t quite know how to use it. Let’s see...
Moeka: Gehohgehoh, bi...na...
UNSPOKEN: Startled, I look up to see Moeka staggering to her feet. She’s like a goddamn zombie. I quickly run outside and close the door behind me. Then I lean my entire body weight onto it so she can’t open it from the inside. The doorknob rattles as she tries to open the door. Then she starts pounding on the inside. It’s a good thing doors in Japan open out. You wouldn’t see this in a Hollywood movie. Anyway, I have her phone. Now I just need to pretend to be Moeka, and send the cancellation D-Mail. Moeka’s changes to the past will be canceled. The worldline will change. The IBN 5100 will come back to me. And then we’ll hack into SERN. Mission Complete. Fate won’t have Mayuri this time! Victory will be mine!
Kurisu: This is Makise.
Rintaro: Get ready for a D-Mail!
Kurisu: Okay, but what’s that noise!?
Rintaro: I’m having a little trouble here.
Kurisu: So you didn’t kill her. Good job!
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Moeka’s address.
Kurisu: It’s ready.
Rintaro: And Mayuri?
Kurisu: Still here. She’s at the Braun Tube Workshop trying to get the manager to turn on the CRT.
Rintaro: You didn’t tell her anything, did you?
Kurisu: About her death? Of course not.
Rintaro: Good. Don’t hang up yet.
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone down and resume typing into Moeka’s phone. A middle aged lady comes out of the apartment next door. Our eyes meet, so I put on a forced smile. The lady grins mockingly before going back inside. I wonder what she was thinking. Maybe she thought it was a lover’s quarrel. In the mail, I write Model changeDo it now!!! B4 sold out! Moeka’s D-Mail said Don’t change models. The desire for limited edition, hard-to-find products is hard-coded into Japanese DNA. Appealing to that instinct should work. The insistent pounding on the door grows louder. And now I hear groaning from the other side. I can’t believe how persistent she is. Is her phone really that important to her? But I’ve already won. All I have to do is send the D-Mail. I’ll never forgive you, Moeka, but at least our relationship ends here. Let this be the last time we meet. I raise the phone to eye level. I take a deep breath. It ends now. I press Send.
Rintaro: ...?
UNSPOKEN: No vertigo. No dizziness. Nothing. Reading Steiner didn’t activate.
Rintaro: What? Why?
UNSPOKEN: Why didn’t the worldline change? Did the PhoneWave fail to function? I bring my own phone back to my ear. Kurisu is still on the line.
Rintaro: Well!?
Kurisu: Did you send it?
Rintaro: Yes. Did it work!?
Kurisu: The discharge is occurring as normal.
Rintaro: So it worked, right?
Kurisu: Definitely.
Rintaro: The worldline didn’t change!
Kurisu: You mean it failed? Why?
UNSPOKEN: Consider the possibilities.
Rintaro: Maybe the message wasn’t enough to persuade Moeka to change models.
Kurisu: Could we have sent it to the wrong date?
Rintaro: It’s July 31st. I’m sure of it.
Kurisu: Check when the original D-Mail arrived. Maybe her reaction will change if the new one arrives just after that.
Rintaro: What a pain!
UNSPOKEN: The pounding on the door has ceased. Did she finally give up? No, she wouldn’t give up. Does she plan to climb out the window and loop around? But we’re on the second floor. That would be quite a feat. I should still have some time left.
Kurisu: Try sending different messages. If that doesn’t work, I’ll adjust the timer.
Rintaro: You’re a lifesaver. What’s going on there? Is Mister Braun freaking out?
Kurisu: I can hear him shouting from below. Hashida and Mayuri are trying to calm him down, but who knows how long that’ll last. I don’t think there’s much time left.
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone into my pocket without hanging up. I change the message and send another D-Mail. ...But still, nothing happens. I make another one. Send. ...No good. Why? What am I doing wrong? I’d like to ask Moeka, but if I go back inside now, she’ll probably just attack me. Which reminds me, she’s been awfully quiet. What is she doing now? Maybe she really did go out the window. I look around. I don’t see her anywhere. Think. Why didn’t the D-Mail work? I wipe the sweat from my brow. My entire body is soaked. It must be the adrenaline. What if Moeka changed addresses when she got a new phone? I take out my phone.
Rintaro: Are you there?
Kurisu: Still not working?
Rintaro: I tried two more times, but nothing.
UNSPOKEN: I frantically consider my options as I stare hard at Moeka’s phone. The walkway is dim, but Moeka’s gaudy purple phone shines in the faint light. Wait. I take another good look at the phone. There’s something wrong here. What is it?
Kurisu: Okabe? What’s wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Gaudy purple. Latest model. Removable LCD screen. Model number GG01. My eyes tell me there’s nothing wrong. I saw this phone when Moeka sent her D-Mail, and many times before. She was never without it. It’s the same. Nothing has changed.
Rintaro: Nothing... changed?
Kurisu: Huh? What hasn’t changed?