Rintaro: No way...
UNSPOKEN: She lied to me! Moeka’s D-Mail wasn’t about her phone! That explains how it affected the IBN 5100. It also explains why my cancellation D-Mails aren’t working.
Rintaro: That sneaky little...!
UNSPOKEN: The door violently shakes behind my back. It’s much stronger than before. She must be ramming something hard and heavy against the door. I quickly move away from the door. The door shakes again. I can see the frame starting to warp.
Rintaro: She’s crazy!
UNSPOKEN: I suppose I should be thankful she doesn’t have a gun, but honestly, this is terrifying enough. It chills my blood to think of what her face must look like now. I’ve never been the target of such single-minded obsession before. But unfortunately, I can’t run away. I need to face Moeka again and wring the information out of her. Both Faris and Lukako remembered their D-Mails. With prodding, Moeka will remember too. I need that information. Crap... I don’t want to go in there. My teeth are chattering. This is pathetic. I thought I’d won when I snatched her phone! But now my advantage is gone.
Kurisu: Okabe! Okabe!? Answer me!
Rintaro: ...Christina.
Kurisu: What’s that pounding? Are you okay?
Rintaro: Moeka’s D-Mail wasn’t about a model exchange.
Kurisu: What do you mean!?
Rintaro: She must have changed the text right before we sent it. That’s why the cancellation mails aren’t working.
Kurisu: Did you check her history? It might still be there.
Rintaro: Her arrival history...
UNSPOKEN: Of course! Even if it’s not in her sent history, it should still be in the arrival history. I glare at the purple phone in my hand. It’s a good thing Moeka didn’t change phones. Now I know exactly where the D-Mail went.
Rintaro: I should have thought of that. Checking now!
UNSPOKEN: For a second there, I thought it would be easy. I should have known better. Moeka is not a casual phone user. Her mailbox has literally hundreds of entries over the last week, almost all from FB. Some of my mails are sprinkled in. I don’t have time to search through each of these mails, even just the subject lines. Not to mention the pounding on the door is freaking me out.
Rintaro: ...Christina, I seem to be in a spot of trouble. If I fail, I’m leaving the rest to you.
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous! If you’re in trouble, then get out of--