UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100? Moeka, you fool, you let your tongue slip! Two weeks ago, FB told her to leave the IBN 5100 at a drop point. That means she already had it in her possession at that time. I recall how Moeka kept bombarding me with questions about the IBN 5100. I might have let it slip that I found the computer at Yanabayashi Shrine. After that, she sent her D-Mail. The worldline changed. The lock was broken on the shrine’s storehouse door. The IBN 5100 was gone. These facts point to one conclusion. She sent herself the location of the IBN 5100! Now that I know, it seems so obvious. If only I hadn’t trusted Moeka. If only I had seen through her lies. But no, I played right into her hands. I was the tool’s tool. I almost burst into self-deriding laughter. But I desperately hold it back, and keep a straight face.
Rintaro: What was the designated location?
Moeka: The coin locker... in front of Daibiru...
UNSPOKEN: The coin locker in front of Daibiru... Wait, isn’t that where Lukako hid the IBN 5100 on the previous worldline? Is this another effect of convergence? Can I retrieve the IBN 5100 if I go there now? No, I can’t expect it to still be there. Remember what happened with Lukako. The invisible force of convergence is keeping the IBN 5100 away from me. If I want to get it back, I need to cancel Moeka’s D-Mail. I know the message. I’ve already reached my goal.
Moeka: *sob*...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka starts crying softly. I sigh deeply and lift myself off Moeka’s body. Then I lean back against the wall and stretch my aching limbs. I take Moeka’s phone out of my pocket.
Rintaro: I’m using your phone.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka slowly gets up. She wipes her tears and fixes her hair and clothes. Her wavy hair obscures her face from this angle, so I can’t make out her expression. She doesn’t react to what I said. Even though I’m no longer restraining her, she doesn’t try to attack me and take back her phone. I open Moeka’s mailbox and search for the D-Mail. It takes about three minutes, but I finally find it. Three mails from Moeka’s own phone, each 12 characters long, sent on August 4th and received on July 31st. RetroPC’s at Yanabayashi Shrine Just as I suspected. Moeka changed her D-Mail in the few seconds I had my back turned. All I need to do now is send the cancellation mail.
Kurisu: Okabe!?
Rintaro: You at the lab?
Kurisu: Haah... don’t worry me like that... idiot...
Rintaro: What, were you worried about me?
Kurisu: I-I mean, you set off an obvious death flag. I’m surprised you’re still alive!
Rintaro: Where are you now?
Kurisu: I’m standing by at the lab.
Rintaro: Set up the machine. I’m sending another D-Mail.
Kurisu: Destination?
Rintaro: ...July 31st, 11 AM.
Kurisu: 11 AM on the 31st...
UNSPOKEN: While Kurisu calculates the hours, I type the mail. It says Do NOT go!!  Not @shrine! It’s a trap! I address the mail to the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Okay, all set.
Rintaro: Alright, activate it.
Kurisu: Activated.
UNSPOKEN: I press the send button. The mail starts sending. Reading Steiner should activate. This time for sure. I brace myself for the incoming vertigo.
Kurisu: ...Well?
Rintaro: Nothing. Why won’t it change!?
Kurisu: Another mistake?
Rintaro: No, there’s no way! I know what Moeka’s message said. This D-Mail should have canceled it.
UNSPOKEN: Why isn’t it working? What the hell’s wrong this time?
Kurisu: What did the first D-Mail say?
Rintaro: That the IBN 5100 was at Yanabayashi Shrine. I tried to cancel it by telling her it’s a trap, but it didn’t work. I’ll try to phrase it differently.
Kurisu: Wait. We went through this with the LOTO SIX experiment, remember?
UNSPOKEN: The LOTO SIX experiment... I sent myself the winning numbers, but the past me didn’t buy the ticket. Instead, he gave the winning numbers to Lukako.
Kurisu: The person who reads the D-Mail chooses whether or not to act accordingly. Kiryu learned that the IBN 5100 was at the shrine. Though the cancellation mail came right afterward, I guess she ignored it and went anyway.
Rintaro: Maybe she didn’t believe the cancellation mail. Or maybe she was so diligent she decided to check it out even when told not to.
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Moeka. She’s still hanging her head, but her tears have run dry. I wonder if she’s listening.
Kurisu: Damn. Even when told it was too risky to go to the shrine, she went anyway...
Rintaro: We need a more persuasive message. Something that will prevent her from going to the shrine.
Kurisu: Like what?
UNSPOKEN: That’s the problem. Is it possible to persuade her with just 36 bytes of text? Or should we consider other possibilities?
Rintaro: What if I send a D-Mail to myself on July 30th? Could I beat her to the IBN 5100?
Kurisu: Were you even interested in the IBN 5100 then?
UNSPOKEN: When did I start caring about the IBN 5100? I can’t remember. Fine. That’s out. So how do I convince Moeka to listen? At that moment, an electric shock runs through my brain. Two initials.
Rintaro: ...FB.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Moeka’s handler. She’s obsessed with FB. If the mail comes from FB, she’ll do whatever it says.
Kurisu: Do you have FB’s phone?
Rintaro: No. They haven’t even met. We don’t know where FB is.
Kurisu: Then there’s nothing we can do.
Rintaro: ...Give me a little time.
Kurisu: Gonna make me wait again? Well, I’ve been pulling all-nighters recently, so whatever. Just don’t do anything stupid, okay?