UNSPOKEN: I bite down hard on my lip. I pound my fists against the floor.
Rintaro: You left your daughter all alone!
UNSPOKEN: He meant to protect her with his sacrifice, but what is Nae supposed to do now? 
Rintaro: How could you die with a smile!?
UNSPOKEN: All Rounders are expendable, he said. Does that mean FB was just another pawn? Is that how SERN operates? That’s insanity! This can’t be real. Nae. Is she still asleep in the next room, blissfully unaware of her father’s suicide? How do I explain this to her... Should I run? Again, strictly speaking, my purpose is to obtain FB’s phone. Once I send the D-Mail and change the worldline, all of this will be undone. I can run like a coward, and no one will know. ...I’ll know. I timidly slide open the door to Nae’s bedroom. It looks like you’d expect. There’s a red backpack hanging next to the desk, and there’s a futon laid out on the floor. But Nae isn’t there. The window is open. The lace curtains are waving, as if to invite the fresh morning breeze inside.
Rintaro: ...She’s gone?
UNSPOKEN: Where did she go? No... don’t tell me SERN kidnapped her? I don’t even know if she was here when we arrived. None of this makes sense. This isn’t the world I know.
Rintaro: ...His phone.
UNSPOKEN: I need Tennouji’s phone. I’m relieved Nae isn’t here. I don’t have to tell her about her father’s death. I find Tennouji’s phone in his pants pocket. I was ready to kill him for it if I had to. I never thought he would kill himself. And now I’m looting his dead body like a hyena scavenging for scraps of meat. I make myself want to puke. I leave as soon as I have the phone, dragging the catatonic Moeka with me. We regroup with Kurisu, who was worried sick waiting outside, and hail a taxi. I wish we hadn’t spent so much time parked near Tennouji’s house. Once the body is found, the police might trace the rental car back to us. Maybe we should have reported it first, but I’d rather not have to answer any questions. Besides... soon, none of this will have happened.
Kurisu: ...So the manager was FB.
UNSPOKEN: First, we take Moeka back to her apartment. There, I explain to Kurisu what happened. Moeka didn’t say a word on the way back. Now she’s sitting on the floor by the entrance, staring off into space. It must have been quite a shock to hear Tennouji’s -- FB’s -- confession. The one person she trusted betrayed her. She may never recover. But were Tennouji’s actions really a betrayal? I’m not quite convinced. Something felt off back there. Rounders who complete their mission are eliminated. No exceptions. That’s what FB said. But in that case, why wasn’t Moeka killed?
Rintaro: Hey, Moeka... It’s possible... that FB did what he did so you could live. Maybe he didn’t abandon you. Maybe, by pushing you away, he was trying to keep you safe.
UNSPOKEN: This may just be wishful thinking. We’ll never know FB’s true intentions. But I want to believe that Tennouji did care for her, that there was a place for Moeka somewhere. ...What am I doing? Why am I trying to comfort Moeka? Maybe I’m just soft.
Kurisu: Okabe! We need to send the D-Mail now.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s expression is grave.
Kurisu: Miss this chance, and you could be in a lot of trouble.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu had the same thought as me.
Kurisu: Your goal is to save Mayuri, not take revenge on SERN. Right? ...I don’t want anyone else to be hurt because of the machine we built.
Rintaro: ...Yeah. You’re right.
UNSPOKEN: FB’s phone is in my possession. There’s no longer any reason to stay on this worldline. It’s only a matter of time until the police come looking for us. I should send the D-Mail immediately. When I do, the present will be reconstructed. Tennouji will still be alive. Moeka will still be in contact with FB. And at last, the IBN 5100 will return to me. I just need to think about saving Mayuri, and all will be well.
Rintaro: Do you think Daru’s still in the lab?
Kurisu: I’ll try calling.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll send the same message I tried to send earlier from Moeka’s phone. Only this time, it will be from FB’s phone. When Moeka sees it, she’ll believe it to be an order from FB. Knowing her dependence on FB, she’ll obey without question. It makes me sick to be taking advantage of Moeka’s vulnerabilities like this. How am I any different from FB?
Kurisu: He said he’ll be there in five minutes.
UNSPOKEN: So we just wait until then.
Kurisu: By the way, something weird happened back there.
UNSPOKEN: After closing her phone, Kurisu glances at Moeka and lowers her voice.
Kurisu: While I was waiting outside, I heard a gunshot. And right after that... I saw her.
Rintaro: Her... who?
UNSPOKEN: I ask, even though I already know the answer. There’s only one person it could be.
Kurisu: Nae-chan. She ran out the back door. When I called her to stop... our eyes met.