UNSPOKEN: I cover my ears. I can’t get that childish, yet hate-filled voice out of my head. On that worldline, I turned an innocent girl into a murderer. I bite my lip hard, hard enough to draw blood. That worldline has already been undone. But how will things turn out on this new worldline? No, there’s no point thinking about it. If the plan worked, the IBN 5100 should already be back in my possession. And if that’s the case... Then there’s no need to stay on this worldline, either.
Kurisu: ...Okabe?
Rintaro: Wasn’t there something strange about that girl?
Kurisu: That girl... you mean Nae-chan?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Kurisu: ...She was like a different person.
Rintaro: What did she mean, she’ll kill me in fifteen years?
UNSPOKEN: It bothers me. Does she know something? What was she implying?
Kurisu: Don’t worry about it, Okabe. Send the D-Mail right now. That’ll solve everything.
UNSPOKEN: I put FB’s phone in my pocket.
Rintaro: I can’t pretend I didn’t see that.
UNSPOKEN: Nae’s crime is partly my responsibility. And I need to know what she meant when she promised to kill me fifteen years from now.
Rintaro: I’m time leaping. Back to the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, but I pretend not to hear it.
Kurisu: Our enemy? But...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka, then whispers into my ear.
Kurisu: Isn’t she our enemy?
Rintaro: ...It’s about 7 AM, right?
Kurisu: Huh? Well, yeah, but where did that question come from?
UNSPOKEN: After time leaping four hours back, I find myself in front of the station. This is right after Moeka and I met up with Kurisu after returning from Narita Airport. After this comes the Tennouji residence. Moeka is standing a few meters away, kicking the dirt in boredom. Moeka was dead just a few minutes ago, but now she’s perfectly fine. I feel no surprise. I suppose I’ve grown accustomed to this particular facet of time travel. After all, I’ve seen Mayuri come back to life countless times already. There is one other thing experience has taught me. Today, Moeka and Tennouji will die, and there’s nothing we can do to stop it. I know it’s cruel, but I didn’t come back here to save them. I don’t have the means to, and it isn’t my problem. The problem is Nae. We arrive in front of Tennouji’s house, just like we did before I time leaped. But this time, I wait outside with Kurisu. Moeka enters alone, expressionless as ever. While we wait outside, I tell Kurisu what’s about to happen. I also tell her to wait a little while after she hears the gunshot, and then go inside and take Tennouji’s phone. It feels like an eternity passes in silence. And then...
Kurisu: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gasps. Her body goes stiff.
Kurisu: There really was a gunshot...