Kurisu: Let me sleep, for crying out loud.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu rubs her eyes and complains. She looks dead tired.
Kurisu: I was up all night.
Rintaro: A question, Daru. Have you researched how to use the IBN 5100?
Itaru: Huh? Well, yeah, I guess. Can you believe I did it while preparing for ComiMa? I’m like a saint or something. They’d knight me for this in England.
Rintaro: Then we shall call you Sir Super Hacka!
Itaru: Hell no.
Kurisu: Will you guys shut up? You’re giving me a headache.
UNSPOKEN: If Daru knows how to use the IBN 5100, then we can hack SERN right now!
Rintaro: Hear me, lab mems!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s not here, but that’s actually more convenient.
Rintaro: Our long struggle has at last reached its climax! Ragnarok is at hand! Now we must deliver the decisive blow. With the power of the IBN 5100, we shall crack SERN’s most secure database and destroy it from the inside! Through the cowardly apparatus known as Echelon, the enemy has acquired precious intelligence on our activities. Now they plot to steal our sacred time machine, upon which rest the hopes and dreams of all mankind! Beneath its scholarly trappings, SERN is a hive of scum and villainy, of men who would sacrifice innocent souls in their quest to rule all space and time. But now we are poised to crush them with the Hammer of Justice! And when we do, they will know once and for all by whose hand the wheel of fate truly turns! When the sun sets upon the battlefield, the foul System that rules the world will crumble! And from the flames, a new age will rise! An age of glorious, unfettered Chaos!
Kurisu: Argh! Shut up!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets fed up and rises from the sofa.
Kurisu: What are you talking about!?
Itaru: Nobody can know the darkness in Okarin’s heart...
Kurisu: First, get your character straight! What kind of mad scientist talks about the Hammer of Justice?
Itaru: I guess he just got caught up in the heat of the moment. Maybe he regrets it now.
Rintaro: Come on, guys! Stop complaining and get ready!
Itaru: Get ready?
Rintaro: To crack SERN! Weren’t you listening?
Kurisu: Uh, I don’t think that’s a good idea.
Rintaro: When did you become a goody two shoes? Where’s your ambition!?
Kurisu: Are you trying to get us arrested?
Rintaro: That’s not the problem!
UNSPOKEN: I fight the urge to grind my teeth. Instead, I fix Kurisu with my stare.
Rintaro: It’s taken me so long -- so long -- just to reach this point! This is my chance to escape the Alpha worldline and save Mayuri. I won’t let anyone get in my way. Anyone!
Kurisu: Okabe...
Itaru: W-why so serious, man?
UNSPOKEN: I’ve got good reason. To them, only half an hour has passed since the Time Leap Machine was built. But to me, many days have passed since this ordeal began.
Rintaro: Please!
UNSPOKEN: I bow my head deeply.
Rintaro: Please, hear me out.
UNSPOKEN: Or else Mayuri will die, and in 26 years, the world will be ruled by SERN. Suzuha’s sacrifice will have been for nothing. Daru claps me on the shoulder, then smiles broadly and thrusts his thumb skyward.
Itaru: I-it’s not like I’m cracking for you or anything, okay!?
Kurisu: Oh god...
UNSPOKEN: I burst out in laughter. Sir Super Hacka (tsundere version) is here to save the day. I couldn’t have asked for a better right-hand man. As Daru hooks the IBN 5100 to his PC, I explain the situation one more time. Let’s hope this is the last.
Rintaro: This all happened because of the very first D-Mail I sent to Daru. SERN intercepted that D-Mail with Echelon and figured out what it meant, then sent their Rounders after us. They will kill Mayuri, kidnap us, and steal the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: Some years after that, I assume, Daru and I escape and form the Resistance to which Suzuha belonged.
Rintaro: I tried to save Mayuri, but nothing worked. Every worldline converged on the same result, just as attractor field theory said they would.
Itaru: You know, if this is all in your head, I think you’ve got a career as a light novel author ahead of you.
Rintaro: It’s true. All of it. To prevent Mayuri’s death...
UNSPOKEN: And to free Suzuha’s future from SERN...
Rintaro: We need to escape from the Alpha worldline. And I think we can do that by canceling all of our changes to the timeline so far. That should return us to the Beta worldline, the worldline that existed before I sent that first D-Mail. There’s just one more step. We need to erase the first D-Mail from SERN’s database.
UNSPOKEN: If what Suzuha said is correct, then erasing that data will take us over 1% divergence and back to the Beta worldline. It was just one short email, barely 36 bytes, but it changed the course of human history. The Butterfly Effect. 
Kurisu: Fascinating.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu mutters as she sips her hot coffee. It looks like she’s already recovered from her exhaustion.
Itaru: You believe him, Makise-shi?
Kurisu: In theory. I’d like to see objective data, but that’s obviously impossible.
Rintaro: Relax. Your Time Leap Machine worked perfectly.
Kurisu: O-of course it did.
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t deny it. That’s just like Kurisu.
Kurisu: Besides, we were already planning to crack SERN’s database, weren’t we? Fine. Let’s see what’s in there. If the mail data exists, then it’s proof that what you said is true.
Itaru: So what you’re saying is, ’don’t think, feel.’ Got it.
Kurisu: Uh, you lost me.
Rintaro: What he meant to say was, ’don’t think, do.’
UNSPOKEN: Daru extracts his massive body from the space behind the desk, plops himself down on the chair, and wipes away his sweat.
Itaru: Done bridging them. I need to tinker with the settings a little, but we should be up and running in about ten minutes.
Rintaro: Alright.
Kurisu: So the first D-Mail started everything... Was that the one you showed me at ATF? The one that said I died or something.