Rintaro: Mayuri... I’m sorry. It’s my fault.
UNSPOKEN: Her hand wanders, as if seeking something. It reaches for the starry sky. Her eyelids are heavy. They could close any second now. But still, she looks straight into my eyes. And for some reason, she smiles.
Mayuri: Finally... Mayushii was... useful... to Okarin...
Rintaro: Wha...t?
UNSPOKEN: Stardust Handshake. Her delicate fingers grasp at the sky. But all they find is empty air. Her arm goes limp. I grab her hand before it hits the ground. Mayuri is no longer breathing. I’ve seen her die countless times. But this time, it’s too much. This time, it’s all my fault. I embrace Mayuri’s tattered body. Her lifeless, motionless, tattered body. I clench my jaw and bite back my tears.
Rintaro: Mayuri... You can’t see the stars from here... How could this happen?
UNSPOKEN: Why did she have to die like this? What possible meaning could this death have? Yes, it happened because fate demanded it. Yes, her death is unavoidable, the result upon which this worldline converges. I knew from the beginning that this would happen. But I never imagined that she would die saving me... and with a smile on her face.
Rintaro: What do you mean, you were finally useful? Tell me, Mayuri...
UNSPOKEN: There is no future for Mayuri on this worldline. And that brings me once again to the choice. Do I return to the Beta worldline, killing Kurisu? Or do I leave things as they are, and accept Mayuri’s death? I can’t run away. I am the one who twisted fate. I am the one who must decide. I’m on the roof of Radi-Kan, after going back 56 hours with two time leaps. I lean against the wire fence and stretch out my legs as I look at the sky. I wanted more time to think. That’s why I came back. Last time, I spent two days refusing to face reality. But that is no longer an option, now that I’ve confirmed Mayuri’s death. This time, I need to reach a decision. But how? This equation has no solution. No matter what choice I make, someone dies. From a purely utilitarian viewpoint, I should choose the Beta worldline, where SERN never creates a dystopia. But it’s not that simple. Not for me. There must be some other way. According to Suzuha, 2010 is a point of great divergence at the attractor field level. I think that divergence had already commenced by the time I sent the D-Mail reporting Kurisu’s death. So when did divergence begin? I can’t say for sure, but I think it was the moment we completed the PhoneWave (name subject to change). That was around the middle of July. Daru and I deemed it a failure right after completion. By the time Kurisu was killed, there was already a huge divergence at the attractor field level. Now that I think about it, Reading Steiner activated that day, when I sent the D-Mail that started it all. At that moment, every pedestrian and vehicle on the main street of Akiba suddenly vanished. That feels so long ago. But now, I can finally explain it. That was the moment I moved to the Alpha worldline. On the Beta worldline, where this all began, Suzuha didn’t arrive in her time machine. Doctor Nakabachi’s conference went ahead as planned, and the flow of tourists and shoppers through Akiba was unimpeded. But when I sent the D-Mail, events changed on a huge scale. From my perspective, at least. On the current worldline, Suzuha crashed her time machine into the roof of Radi-Kan. Nakabachi’s presentation was canceled, and this part of Akiba was closed to traffic. Because I was out on the street when the worldline changed, it appeared to me as if thousands of people suddenly vanished. The truth is that they were never there to begin with. Like a magician’s trick, it’s so obvious once you understand how it works. The real problem is the timing of the D-Mail. I moved to the Alpha worldline after Kurisu died. If I had sent the D-Mail before she died, then I might have been able to intervene, even now, on this worldline. But no, that would defy causality. I sent that D-Mail because I saw Kurisu’s body. That’s the way it has to be. Who killed her anyway? I still don’t know. It definitely wasn’t suicide. What if I identify the murderer and send them a D-Mail warning them off? Would that prevent her death? I mean, no one has tried to kill her on this worldline, have they? Maybe there’s a chance. However, to send that D-Mail, I would first have to move to the Beta worldline. ...The more I think about it, the more futile it seems. I’ve already seen Mayuri die countless times. Everything I tried to prevent it failed. I understand all too well. When fate wants someone dead, nothing can stop it. I can’t save Kurisu.
Kurisu: There you are.
UNSPOKEN: I thought I was alone, but it seems that I was wrong. I turn around to see Kurisu standing in the open door. I avert my eyes. I can’t look her in the face, not now.
Kurisu: What are you doing here?
Rintaro: ...Nothing. How did you know I was here?
Kurisu: You said you wanted to be alone. I ran the numbers and concluded that I had the greatest probability of finding you here.
Rintaro: Then leave me alone. You don’t have to look for me. I’m not a lost little boy.
Kurisu: H-hey! Is that how you treat someone who’s worried about you? N-not that I’m worried about you or anything!
UNSPOKEN: Right after she gets herself flustered, Kurisu sighs and puts on a serious expression.
Kurisu: I was going to leave you alone at first. But you’ve been acting weird the last couple days. I mean, you’re always weird, but more than usual. You look like a kid forced to eat crappy oatmeal. What happened?
Rintaro: Nothing...
Kurisu: Then why did you cancel the cracking of SERN?
Rintaro: You’re the one who said we shouldn’t.
Kurisu: Oh, so you’re afraid of triggering arrest flags. I get it.
Rintaro: You should praise me for obeying the law for a change.
Kurisu: That’s not like you at all. What happened to your ego? What happened to the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyo--