Rintaro: This time, it’s not that simple.
UNSPOKEN: I have forced my ego on others before. Suzuha, Faris, Lukako... I sacrificed their dreams for the sake of my goal. I justified it by telling myself that it was necessary to save Mayuri. I weighed their suffering against the alternative and made my self-righteous choice. But this time, the alternatives are impossible to compare.
Rintaro: I have to choose which friend to let die. It would be so much easier if I knew what was right.
Kurisu: ...Which friend to let die? What are you talking about?
Rintaro: I’m just a student, Christina. You know? The insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma? That’s just a fantasy. A character I made up. I bet you had no idea.
Kurisu: Uh... I may have figured that out when we first met.
Rintaro: When we first met...
UNSPOKEN: What if I hadn’t found Kurisu’s body back then? Let’s try imagining that situation. If I hadn’t seen Kurisu dead, I wouldn’t have interrogated her before the seminar at ATF. Without hearing me call her a zombie, she wouldn’t have taken an interest in me. She wouldn’t have come to the lab. Ultimately, we would never have built the Time Leap Machine, leaving me without the means to save Mayuri. And of course, Kurisu would not have become our friend. We would not be as close as we are right now.
Kurisu: Tell me, Okabe. What do you mean?
UNSPOKEN: I can’t meet her questioning gaze.
Rintaro: ...Do I have to tell you?
Kurisu: You’ve never hesitated to ask me for help before. Don’t hold back now.
UNSPOKEN: That’s not what this is about.
Rintaro: ...Then prepare yourself. What I’m about to tell you is the absolute truth. And it could also be... your death sentence.
Kurisu: ...eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s voice cracks a little.
Rintaro: Remember what I told you before? When we delete the D-Mail from SERN’s database, we’ll reach the Beta worldline, where Mayuri doesn’t die.
Kurisu: And where SERN doesn’t take over the world, right. Everyone lives. Everyone is free. You made it sound perfect.
Rintaro: Perfect? It’s anything but. I showed you the first D-Mail, didn’t I? The one that started it all. On the Beta worldline, the events described in that D-Mail actually happened.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is a genius. I have no doubt that she understands.
Rintaro: Kurisu. On the Beta worldline... You die on July 28th. And according to the attractor field model, nothing can prevent that from happening. If I want to save Mayuri, I have no choice... but to let you die!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says nothing. What expression is she making now? I reluctantly sneak a look at her face. She’s staring out across the cityscape. Her eyes look distant. I see neither fear nor sadness in her face. She seems... accepting. Kurisu is always like this. Always calm, no matter what. It’s hard to believe she’s younger than me. Her soft chestnut hair blows in the wind. She lifts a hand to hold it down.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe. How credible do you find this attractor field model?
Rintaro: Credible?
Kurisu: It’s all secondhand info from John Titor -- from Amane-san, isn’t it? I get that it’s the accepted model in 2036. But how exactly did scientists prove the existence of attractor fields?
Rintaro: Are you trying to say the model may be wrong? But I know for certain that convergence exists. I’ve experienced it firsthand.
Kurisu: Even if they’re right about convergence... What about the relationship between worldlines?
Rintaro: The moment I change worldlines, everything is reconstructed. Past, present, and future.
Kurisu: But that’s just from your perspective, Okabe. Once you go to the Beta worldline, the ’me’ that your brain perceives will die. In other words, your perspective will have chosen the worldline where I die instead of the one where I don’t. However... Why can’t the world your brain perceives be different from the world my brain perceives?
UNSPOKEN: Brains. I forgot her specialty was neuroscience.
Rintaro: So you’re saying worldlines are independent?
Kurisu: Like trains, maybe.
Rintaro: Trains?
Kurisu: Um, let me give you an easy example...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu takes out her phone and starts fiddling with it.
Kurisu: If I want to take the train from Akiba to Yokohama, which route should I use?
Rintaro: I didn’t know you were a railfan.
Kurisu: It’s just an example. Geez. You choose to take the Yamanote Line to Tokyo Station, then transfer to the Tokaido Main Line for the rest of your trip.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu keeps talking as she looks at her phone, apparently reading off an itinerary.
Kurisu: But I take the Yamanote Line to Osaki, then transfer to the Shonan-Shinjuku Line. Another person -- say, Hashida-san -- might decide to take the Keihin Tohoku Line for some reason. And Mayuri might ride the Shinkansen from Tokyo. You and I ride the same train until Tokyo Station. But from there, we ride different lines, while still aiming for the same destination.
Rintaro: And that applies to the universe? You’re claiming the existence of parallel worlds?
Kurisu: ...I like to use my imagination too, sometimes. But where’s the proof that there’s only one world?
Rintaro: Suzuha said so... and then there’s Reading Steiner.
Kurisu: In other words, an unknown time traveler and your unexplainable super power.
Rintaro: But we knew Suzuha...
Kurisu: There’s no way to prove that she was Hashida’s daughter, or anything she said about 2036 either. Not without going there ourselves. And if Reading Steiner is what you say, then it means that your subjective experience influences the memories of every single human being. That’s completely absurd, Okabe. If it’s true, then you’re literally a god. But there are no gods in reality. The world doesn’t revolve around you. It’s just your brain making you believe that it does. If that makes you this world’s god, then I must be a god too. My brain is just as big as yours.
Rintaro: What are you trying to say?
Kurisu: Let’s say you choose the worldline where I die. That doesn’t mean I have to do the same. The fact is that I am standing here right now, observing the world with my own subjectivity. I already exist on a worldline where I don’t die. Even if your perspective shifts to the Beta worldline, my perspective might remain here. It’s a question of where the soul lies. And I won’t let you have your way with my soul.