UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and turns to the grave once more. As an offering, she leaves a brand new white lily, as well as some dango dumplings.
Mayuri: Let’s head back, Okarin.
Rintaro: Shouldn’t we get some dango for ourselves first?
UNSPOKEN: Back when we used to visit the cemetery together, it was part of our daily routine to eat dango on the way back.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Of course♪
UNSPOKEN: Akiba is empty again today. The otaku have all made the Exodus to ComiMa for the second day of battle. But come nightfall, they will return to Akiba like a victorious army laden with spoils, and the streets will be chaos. I know Daru has gone to ComiMa. The question is, has Mayuri? I hope she has. I want things to be normal again. I remember what I heard yesterday. The feelings Mayuri expressed at her grandmother’s grave. The events of the last few weeks have affected her as well. After I escorted Mayuri home from the cemetery, I spent the whole night wracking my brain for a third option, a way out of this mess. My thoughts were a jumble, ideas coming and going too fast to judge which were right and which were wrong. But of course, there isn’t a right choice here. For in the end, it always comes back to the same question. Who do I let die? And no matter how I try to dance around it, the answer is always the same. I can’t choose. Is there no one else who can make this decision? No. Even if there were, I know I’d never accept their choice. Whichever it happened to be. Once again, I’m heading for the roof of Radi-Kan. I had to get out of the lab. Mayuri or Kurisu might return at any moment, and I can’t face them now. I look up at the sky. The clouds are dark and heavy. It could start raining any minute now.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: I thought that I was alone, but someone was here before me. Kurisu is lying in the middle of the roof, arms and legs spread as if making a snow angel. The image of Kurisu in a pool of blood flashes through my mind. Is she alright!? I run towards her, but before I make it halfway, she suddenly sits up and turns to face me.
Kurisu: ...Okabe.
Rintaro: You’re alive...
UNSPOKEN: What a dumb thing to say. Fortunately, it looks like Kurisu didn’t hear me. She’s busy combing her disheveled hair with her fingers. I breathe a silent sigh of relief.
Kurisu: Right. I forgot I might run into you here.
Rintaro: What were you doing?
Kurisu: ...Thinking.
Rintaro: Oh...
UNSPOKEN: Was she thinking about her death? I don’t know what to say, so I keep my mouth shut. Kurisu appears to be in the same boat. She’s staring at the capsule toy dispenser in the corner, her face wearing the usual frown. The awkward silence drags on. When you think about it, Kurisu’s fate rests in my hands. My decision will determine whether she lives or dies. Her fantastic hypothesis yesterday was a desperate attempt to construct a scenario where she doesn’t die. Even if she believes that her theory is correct, it must be difficult for her to avoid imagining her own death. I force a smile. I’m getting really uncomfortable here.
Rintaro: Looks like I’m in your way, so I’ll just go.
Kurisu: ...Oh, okay.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I was expecting a sarcastic remark like Since when do mad scientists have manners? or something. Just then, something cold lands on the tip of my nose. When I look up, raindrops start landing on my forehead. An evening shower. It’s only going to get more intense, and quickly. Kurisu hasn’t moved a muscle. She’s just standing there with her arms folded, staring at the ground as if she doesn’t notice the rain at all.
Rintaro: Hey. It’s raining.
Kurisu: Huh? Oh, yeah.
UNSPOKEN: She’s acting strange, like her mind is elsewhere. I knew it. She’s been thinking about...
Rintaro: Whoa!
UNSPOKEN: In less than a minute, the rain turns into a full downpour. We had no time to seek shelter.
Kurisu: What the hell!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s scream is drowned out by the roar of the rain.
Kurisu: Whew, what a surprise.
Rintaro: That’s what you get for tempting the sky gods.
UNSPOKEN: Now safely inside the building, we take a moment to catch our breath. It’s been a week since Suzuha’s time machine disappeared, but Radi-Kan is still closed. The lights are off, and it’s pretty dark inside.
Kurisu: You should’ve warned me sooner. Even my underwear’s soaked.
Rintaro: Same here. I bet you’re glad it’s dark, huh?
Kurisu: What do you mean?
Rintaro: If the lights were on, I’d be able to see everything.
Kurisu: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Even in the dim light, I can tell that Kurisu is scrambling to cover her chest.
Kurisu: Ugh, I forgot that you’re a perv too.
Rintaro: You’re the one who announced that your underwear was wet.
Kurisu: J-just drop it! If you’re imagining what color my underwear is, I’ll kill you!
Rintaro: I’m not imagining anything.
UNSPOKEN: She’s too self-conscious. But... the color of her underwear, huh? Hmmm... gotta be white.
Kurisu: Achoo!
Rintaro: Cold?
Kurisu: I’m not stripping naked, if that’s what you’re suggesting! Your pervy tricks won’t work on me!
Rintaro: Who said strip!? Calm down, will you!?
Kurisu: Grr...
Rintaro: But if you want to strip, go right ahead. I can’t make out your scrawny figure in this light anyway.
Kurisu: Another word, and I’ll make you eat your cerebral neocortex with ponzu sauce!
Rintaro: S-sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Please, spare me that horror. Still, these wisecracks are a welcome distraction.
Kurisu: A storm like that shouldn’t last long. Guess we’ll just wait it out.
UNSPOKEN: I see Kurisu’s shadowy form move to sit on the staircase. I sit next to her.
Kurisu: H-hey, get your own stair! W-what?
Rintaro: You’re the one who said not to speak.
Kurisu: Y-you’re too close... Don’t come any closer, okay? You can stay where you are, but come any closer, and I’ll push you away, okay?