UNSPOKEN: I turn around in surprise, and there I see Kurisu standing in the doorway. I thought she never wanted to see me again. Why is she here?
Rintaro: Why...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ignores my question and fixes me with her usual glare.
Kurisu: Time leaping is just running away.
UNSPOKEN: You don’t have to tell me. I already know. I know all too well. In the end, all I’m doing is running away. Running from responsibility. Running from the decision. If I had known I would have to make this choice, then I would have refused Suzuha when she entrusted me with her mission.
Rintaro: I’ve hurt people... lots of people... just to save Mayuri. And yet, I don’t even feel guilty anymore. I feel like I’m losing my humanity.
Kurisu: Then why are you hesitating now?
Rintaro: ...Maybe because my insurance, the Time Leap Machine, isn’t effective. Or maybe I just haven’t mastered it yet. Maybe I haven’t tapped into its full potential.
Kurisu: Running only makes it hurt more.
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly looks away. Then she leans against the wall and smiles bitterly.
Kurisu: I should know.
UNSPOKEN: Is Kurisu running too? From what?
Kurisu: Look at yourself, Okabe. You look like you’ve aged a decade. Your heart can’t take it anymore. You don’t need to beat yourself up like this. Just accept the truth. Like I said, you can’t stay here. Go to the Beta worldline. Go to the world where Mayuri doesn’t die. Not just for your sake, but for mine as well.
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. I have no other options left. No more D-Mails. No more time leaps. There’s no perfect world where both Kurisu and Mayuri live. Maybe there are things I have yet to try, but I’m certain that all of them will end in vain. As long as I stay on this worldline, Mayuri will die. And if I go to the Beta worldline, Kurisu will die. We’ll never be able to talk like this again. It’s only been twenty days since we met, and yet... Memories of Kurisu flash before my eyes.
Kurisu: Thank you. I know you’re hurting for me.
UNSPOKEN: So much has happened these past twenty days. We argued. We exchanged insults. We made incredible discoveries together, and when confronted with the implications, we shared our fears. Whenever I hit a dead end in my struggle to save Mayuri, I always turned to Kurisu for help. She always listened. She always believed me. And I helped her too, when she was distraught over her father. We promised to go to Aomori together. Without this girl genius on our side, we would not have the Time Leap Machine. Proud, passionate Makise Kurisu. Always strong, or at least pretending to be. A little nosy, too, and serious to a fault. Before I knew it, she had become the center of the lab. From the very beginning, I was attracted to her radiant confidence. I found myself mesmerized by her every gesture. Hanging on her every word. I listened enraptured whenever she presented her latest theory. At the end of the day, the reason I never called her by her name... was because I was too embarrassed. I admired her. I longed for her. And I didn’t want to admit it to myself. Only now do I realize the truth. I love her. And that is why I want so desperately to save her. She’s not just a fellow lab member. To me, Kurisu is far more than that. And yet, I have no choice. In the end, everything she said was right.
Rintaro: I... ...can’t save you. I’m sorry...
UNSPOKEN: In a desperate attempt to hold back my tears, I bite my lip tightly. The taste of blood spreads through my mouth.
Rintaro: Why does it have to be you? Why!?
UNSPOKEN: I pound my fist on the table. Silence. Nothing moves. Outside the window is only darkness. Is this what it’s like to be the only person left in the world?
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe. Once you go to the Beta worldline, Mayuri and Hashida will forget the time we spent together, right?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s cheeks start to redden, and she turns away.
Kurisu: Will you... remember me?
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is barely a whisper.
Rintaro: Of course I’ll remember you. Of course I will! There’s no way I could ever forget the girl most important to me!
Kurisu: Eh? Y-you mean... Wh-what the hell are you saying!?
Rintaro: The truth.
Kurisu: B-but... proof. I need proof. I can’t come up with a formula otherwise!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is getting flustered for some reason.
Kurisu: When the anterior pituitary gland hypersecretes ACTH, and gamma waves induce stochastic resonance, we can assume an infinite Hausdorff dimension for the Hilbert curve. That is, we can measure the asymptotic line with positron emission tomography...?
Rintaro: Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I speak her name. Our eyes meet.
Rintaro: I love you.
Kurisu: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks away. Her face is bright red.
Rintaro: And you?
Kurisu: Eh!? Wh-what!?
Rintaro: Do you, uh... How do you feel about me?
Kurisu: Y-you want to know?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly looks me straight in the eye. Her face is still red, but her expression is firm. She walks straight up to me, grabs me by the collar, and jerks me towards her.
Kurisu: Close your eyes!
UNSPOKEN: Did I make her mad? Perhaps Kurisu hates me for some reason. Maybe she really did mean all those insults she’s said to me. That would be really sad... I slowly lick my trembling lips, and timidly try to ask a question.
Rintaro: Why close my--
Kurisu: Just shut up and close them!
UNSPOKEN: I do as I’m told, though I still don’t know why she’s so angry. My collar is still in Kurisu’s grip.
Kurisu: nn...
UNSPOKEN: Abruptly, I feel a soft sensation against my lips. The faint scent of citrus tickles my nose. When I open my eyes in surprise... I see Kurisu’s face scant millimeters away. And then I understand what has happened. She’s kissing me. Her lips are very warm. My mind goes blank. I’m unable to think. I want to stay like this forever. But soon, our lips separate. Kurisu looks down shyly.
Rintaro: Wha... wha...
Kurisu: I-it’s not like I did it... because I wanted to or anything. It’s just... you promised... that you wouldn’t forget about me. Research shows that memories are harder to forget when coupled with intense emotions. Y-you’re a virgin and a perv, so I was sure you’d have an elaborative rehearsal on your first kiss, instantly making it a long-term memory you’d never forget... so... I just don’t want you to forget about me, Okabe. No matter what.