UNSPOKEN: My vision blurs. Tears run down my cheeks.
Rintaro: I... I...
UNSPOKEN: A tidal wave of emotion crashes over me. Nothing remains to hold it back. I’ll never see Kurisu again. That knowledge shreds my heart. I can’t hold back my sobs. I can’t stop my tears. This is the world I’ve been searching for. A world where Mayuri does not die. And yet, it is missing the person most precious to me. It’s too much. It’s too cruel. Why did it have to be Kurisu? Why was I forced to choose? Why did she send me off with a smile!? I cling to Mayuri. She strokes my hair gently. I surrender to my grief. Three days have passed since then, and Mayuri is still alive. Moeka and the Rounders have not attacked, and Tennouji has shown no sign of moving against us. Daru has been visiting MayQueen as usual, while Mayuri has been working on costume designs for next ComiMa. Everything is back to normal. Everything... save for the hole in my heart.
Rintaro: Phew. That’s that.
UNSPOKEN: I’m standing by the dumpster out back of the lab. We just finished dumping the last of the trash. This morning, I called Daru, and together we dismantled the PhoneWave and the IBN 5100.
Itaru: Man, what a waste. That thing was worth a fortune.
Mayuri: And now we don’t have a microwave... How will Mayushii eat her Juicy Chicken Number One?
Rintaro: Come on. I’ll get you a new microwave.
UNSPOKEN: We no longer need the PhoneWave, that miraculous time machine built by coincidence. It brought Kurisu into my life. But at the same time, it made many people suffer. It must never be used again. Not by me. Not by anyone. It’s time for the PhoneWave to die. And with it, the insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma, lord of space and time. I recall what Kurisu once said.
Kurisu: I don’t want to deny who I’ve been. Because even my failures are a part of who I am today.
UNSPOKEN: I gaze once more upon the scrap heap that was Future Gadget No. 8. We stripped it down to the last bolt and circuit board. Surely no one can rebuild it now. Time travel is too much power for any human to wield. We don’t need D-Mails or time leaps. Even if nothing in the future is guaranteed. Even though I may die tomorrow. Life was never meant to be redone. And that’s fine by me. Wouldn’t you say so too, Kurisu? I look up at the sky, and even though it’s the middle of the day, I can see a single star shining. Maybe it’s Venus. Which suddenly reminds me.
Kurisu: Going to the past is possible right now. Look into the sky at night, and you can see how things were tens of thousands of years ago.