Rintaro: Got it.
Suzuha: Then let’s go. We’ll rendezvous at the time machine when it’s over!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha finishes her rushed explanation and motions me toward the hatch. I open the hatch and grab the rim. I squeeze my way out. Suzuha crawls out after me and closes the hatch.
Suzuha: You hide! I’ll provide a distraction.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha runs up to the emergency door. And then, to my astonishment, she draws her gun and fires at the doorknob. The door opens easily. That must have broken the lock. Any minute now, a crowd of people will run up these stairs to see what happened. My past self will be among them. I need to hide before they get here! That was a close one. I nearly bumped into myself on the 8th floor landing. Right after I ran downstairs to the 7th floor, I heard footsteps running the other way behind me. Those footsteps were mine, no doubt. It was a near miss. To be safe, I descend to the 4th floor before stopping to take a breath. I take a look around, but there’s nobody paying attention to me. I wonder what Suzuha is doing. I’m worried, but I need to focus on my own mission. I must prevent Kurisu’s death. In about 30 minutes from now, just after Nakabachi’s presentation ends, someone will murder her. I know where it happens. In the 8th floor hallway, towards the back of the building, where people rarely go. What I don’t know is who stabbed her. Instead of running around and drawing attention to myself, I should just wait at the scene. Let’s cool off here for about five minutes, and then head over there. If I remember correctly, Kurisu tried to talk to me in the assembly hall, but I blew her off and came down here. After that, I tried calling Mayuri, but her phone was off and I couldn’t get through, so I went back up to the assembly hall to find her.  What time was that? I search my memories, trying to plot the actions I took on July 28th. It sounded simple when Suzuha said it, but staying away from my past self is going to take more work than I thought. Frustration mounts. I shove Suzuha’s watch into my pocket to quash it. Just then--
???: Excuse me.
Rintaro: !?
UNSPOKEN: That voice... I turn around.
Rintaro: Kurisu...!
Kurisu: Um, do I know you?
Rintaro: No...
Kurisu: You came down from the roof just now, didn’t you?
UNSPOKEN: She looks at me with those beautiful eyes, eyes shining with intelligence and strength of will. I thought I would never see her again. But now. Now, before my very eyes, is the girl I love. Tears well up in my eyes. I want to embrace her right this instant. It takes everything I have to resist the urge. Don’t forget. This is our first meeting. This Kurisu doesn’t know me.
Kurisu: I heard a strange sound from the roof. Is that why the building shook just now? What’s going on? It’s not Doctor Nakabachi’s doing, is it?
UNSPOKEN: Why did I have to run into Kurisu, of all people? I can’t answer. I’m afraid that if I speak, I’ll be unable to contain my emotions. The memory of her last smile is burned into my mind, imploring me to act.
Kurisu: Are you listening? You’re sweating like crazy.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me with suspicion. What would happen if I were to grab Kurisu and run?  Would divergence change? Would her murder be averted? I recall all the times Mayuri died. I recall all the times I time leaped to save her. Everything I tried ended in vain. I was unable to save her even once. No matter what I did, the world itself killed her. Won’t it be the same with Kurisu? Should I even try? I reach towards Kurisu, my hand shaking.
Kurisu: Hey!
UNSPOKEN: She steps back in surprise and fear, clutching a manila envelope to her chest. This is our first meeting. I know that. But to me, she’s still the girl I love.  If I’d been thinking straight a second ago, I would have realized that my plan to grab her and flee wasn’t going to work. Kurisu would never follow some strange man she only just met. Running isn’t an option. All I can do is wait at the scene of the crime. Fighting against the urge to stay, I force myself to turn and leave.
Kurisu: Please answer my question!
UNSPOKEN: But Kurisu pursues me. Why is she so desperate to know who I am? I do look suspicious. I’ll admit that. But if she thinks I’m dangerous, why would she come alone? I turn around reluctantly and meet Kurisu’s stare.
Kurisu: ...Answer me.
Rintaro: Can I--
UNSPOKEN: The words catch in my throat. Can I save her? I don’t know. All I know is that convergence is merciless and cruel, and that I am powerless to stop it.
Kurisu: Can you... what?
UNSPOKEN: I shake my head, then bolt for the stairs before Kurisu can react.
Kurisu: W-wait! Stop!