UNSPOKEN: The longer I wait in the darkness, the harder it becomes. The anticipation is killing me. So far, not a single soul has passed down this hallway. I can faintly hear Nakabachi’s voice through the mic from far away, but that’s it. The silence does nothing but increase my tension. To make matters worse, it’s hot and humid. I guess the air conditioner’s not on back here. My entire body’s drenched in sweat, and I haven’t even been hiding for a minute. Sweat drips from my brow to the floor. I rub it out with my shoe. I have to keep waiting. There’s no other choice. I stay there, crouched in the darkness, for what seems an eternity. In the distance, I hear the sound of sparse applause. I glance at Suzuha’s watch. It’s 12:26. I guess the presentation’s over. I peek out from behind the boxes, and just then-- I hear footsteps approaching. I quickly duck back behind cover. My heart is pounding. Someone’s coming this way. Who? Is it Kurisu’s murderer? I clench my teeth and try to drive away the tension. I can only pray that I won’t be found. Finally, the footsteps pass right by my hiding spot. Moving only my eyes, I sneak a glance at the person. Kurisu? There’s no one with her. I didn’t expect Kurisu to be the first to appear. What is she doing back here? This area is for employees only. Now that I think about it, Kurisu’s murder made no sense. Why was she killed in a place she would normally never come? Careful to keep quiet, I watch Kurisu from the shadows. About five meters down the hall, she stops walking and leans against the wall. She’s holding that manila envelope I saw her with earlier. She peeks inside and smiles softly. Why is she smiling? Kurisu rarely smiles like that. I mean, it’s more like her to glare at people. That envelope... I search my memories again. When Kurisu approached me during Nakabachi’s presentation, I’m pretty sure she was holding that envelope.  But did she have it when I discovered her body? I don’t remember seeing it. What could be inside to make Kurisu smile like that? I can’t begin to imagine. Kurisu hasn’t moved a muscle. She’s just standing there, head hung, her face hidden behind her long hair. I can’t read her expression. Is she waiting for someone? Who? Who would she meet in a place like this? That’s when I hear another set of footsteps approaching. I can’t see who it is from where I’m hiding. But given the timing, it has to be the person who killed Kurisu! And as proof, Kurisu raises her head, and upon recognizing the newcomer, lifts her back off of the wall. Her expression softens slightly. The footsteps come even closer. Who is it?
Kurisu: ...I wanted to talk.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly starts speaking. The footsteps pass right by my hiding spot. I’m so tense, I can’t move a muscle. The newcomer finally appears in my narrow field of vision. And it’s...
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: Doctor Nakabachi! I slap a hand over my mouth to keep from shouting in astonishment. Kurisu and Doctor Nakabachi know each other!?
Suzuha: Oh, one more thing. Watch out for Doctor Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: Something else occurs to me. Why would Kurisu, an accomplished scientist, attend the presentation of a man like Nakabachi? He’s just a two-bit inventor. Only fifteen people came to hear him speak, and that’s including trolls like me. There wasn’t even any press coverage. Besides, Kurisu hates time travel science. That much was obvious from her lecture at ATF. In that case, it’s obvious why she’s here. She didn’t come to see his presentation. She came to see him. But why? What could be the connection? ...Wait. It can’t be...
Kurisu: Are you listening, Papa?
UNSPOKEN: Papa... He’s her father... her estranged father, who she told me she hadn’t seen in seven years. Kurisu did say that her father was a physicist. And Nakabachi certainly is a physicist, though the scientific community at large has rejected his research. But wait... does this mean that Nakabachi killed his own daughter? Or was it someone else, someone who has yet to appear? There’s no way to know. If I could be sure that Nakabachi was the killer, then I would intervene right now. But I’m not. I’d better keep watching, see what happens.
Nakabachi: What is that?
Kurisu: I heard you were giving a presentation on time travel. So I thought about it too. Could it be possible to make a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu wrote a paper on time travel!? But when she spoke at ATF, she rejected the very idea of time travel! Although, come to think of it, she was awfully interested in the PhoneWave... ...Damn, I forgot how much of a tsundere she was.
Kurisu: I’d like your opinion, Papa. We can polish it together, then submit it to the scientific community. I don’t know if they’ll listen, but just in case, I do have acquaintances at Science Magazine.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi takes out the document and starts reading it with a disgusted frown. So that’s what it was. She didn’t have anything dangerous in that envelope, like drugs or a gun. It was just some document. But that raises a new question. Could that be the Nakabachi Paper? According to Suzuha, that document sparked a time travel arms race that ultimately led to World War Three and the deaths of 5. 7 billion people.
Suzuha: It started with a race between the EU and Russia. Then America got involved, and things really went to hell.
UNSPOKEN: Is that why Kurisu’s safety is so important to changing divergence? I get it now. Nothing is coincidence. Everything is inevitable. Nakabachi flips restlessly through the document. He’s not even trying to hide his irritation.
Nakabachi: Did I ask you to write this?
Kurisu: Well... no, but... You invited me to come, remember? It was the first time we’d talked in seven years. That’s what got me thinking. And as I worked on the thesis, I started to realize it might actually be possible to build a time machine.  If the thesis is published, you could have your revenge on the scientific community for shunning you--