Kurisu: ...I wanted to talk. Are you listening, Papa?
UNSPOKEN: Even the words she speaks are the same.
Nakabachi: What is that?
Kurisu: I heard you were giving a presentation on time travel. So I thought about it too. Could it be possible to make a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: The atmosphere is far from pleasant. Nakabachi doesn’t even try to hide his displeasure. And the first me is probably at fault for that. At least partially. Looks like it’s about time for Nakabachi to go ballistic. I grip the Cyalume Saber and make one final check. It’s already dimmed down. Now all I have to do is remove the cap at the tip, and the fake blood will--
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: My breath catches in my throat. In the darkness of my hiding spot, I bring the Cyalume Saber close to my eyes and peer inside. The fake blood has begun to coagulate. No. This shouldn’t happen. I was certain the liquid would remain fluid for around 30 minutes after losing luminescence. Was it defective!? Come to think of it, we never tested the Cyalume Saber. It can only be used once before the tube needs to be replaced. Given the lab’s financial situation, we thought it would be a waste to use it, so we never did. How could I have failed to consider this possibility!? If I’d had half a brain, I would have brought a spare! This is bad. The plan is falling apart.
Nakabachi: I wasn’t shunned!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi’s shrill shriek startles me.
Nakabachi: Those incompetent bastards were just jealous of my superiority. I was the one who gave up on them!
Kurisu: Please don’t yell...
UNSPOKEN: Time won’t stop for me. How do I recover from this setback? I can’t leave. Nakabachi’s about to attack his daughter. If I make my appearance after that, it’ll be the same as last time. I’ll end up killing Kurisu again. No matter what, I can’t let that happen! What do I do!? Do I go back to the time machine and try again? No. Remember what Suzuha said? There’s not enough fuel for another trip. This is my last chance!
Kurisu: Um... we haven’t seen each other in a while. There’s a lot I want to talk about. You’re living in Aomori now, right?
Nakabachi: Leave.
Kurisu: Eh...
Nakabachi: Go back to America. Never show your face to me again.
Kurisu: But--
Nakabachi: You want my opinion!? We’ll submit it jointly!? You don’t mean any of that! I know how you think!
UNSPOKEN: My heart is pounding. I’m sweating like crazy. It feels like I’ve just run a marathon. I cover my mouth to suppress the sound of my breathing.
Nakabachi: Is this pity!? How dare you!? You’re supposed to be my daughter!
Kurisu: I... I don’t understand. Please calm--
Nakabachi: I am calm! Don’t tell me what to do!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi is about to snap. Events are proceeding just like last time, barreling inexorably towards disaster. Please, I find myself begging. Make time stop. But another voice from within answers. Are you praying, Hououin Kyouma? Have you forgotten?
Nakabachi: I’ll tell you why I called you here today. I wanted to show you my research, research beyond even what you can imagine! I wanted to prove, once and for all, that you are nothing compared to me! But that brat in the lab coat ruined everything! I know you were laughing at me too, don’t you deny it! How dare you treat your own father this way!?
Kurisu: I wasn’t--
Nakabachi: You want my opinion? Fine, I’ll give it to you. I’m going to publish it myself. End of discussion.
UNSPOKEN: I won’t court the mercy of a heartless god. I will save Kurisu myself. She won’t die again. Not at my hands. Not at anyone’s.
Kurisu: You’re... stealing it?
Nakabachi: ...What did you say?
Kurisu: You’re stealing my work? I didn’t think even you would do something like-- Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi strikes Kurisu on the cheek.
Nakabachi: Who do you think you’re talking to!?
UNSPOKEN: It’s starting! Nakabachi puts his hands around Kurisu’s neck. Her cries of agony fill my ears. There’s still a way to prevent Kurisu’s death. That puddle of blood I saw beneath Kurisu’s body. There’s one more way to reproduce it. One more way. One last chance. It’s a gamble, to be sure. Even if it succeeds, I don’t know what effect it might have on the Steins Gate worldline.
Kurisu: Ah, uuh...
Nakabachi: You can’t possibly understand how I feel! Why did you have to be so talented!? I detest you! I hate your very existence! Nobody is allowed to be better than me! Understand!? Nobody! Especially not my own daughter! That’s why I abandoned you! I couldn’t bear the shame of being your father! It’s all your fault... it’s all your fault!
UNSPOKEN: It matters not. I am Hououin Kyouma, the mad scientist who defies God. My true desire is chaos. I have no need for a predetermined future!
Rintaro: Stop!
UNSPOKEN: Calmly, I step out from my hiding spot. Nakabachi looks at me in disbelief. His eyes are wide and bloodshot.
Nakabachi: You! You’re the brat who ruined my presentation!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi lets go of Kurisu.
Kurisu: Guh, gah hoh gah hoh gah hoh...
Nakabachi: How dare you show your face before me!? Why does everyone get in my way!? I know! You and Kurisu planned this, didn’t you? Didn’t you!? You brats won’t get away with this!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi pulls the knife from his pocket. Its blade reflects cold light. Once I see that glint, I laugh disdainfully.
Rintaro: Try it, if you dare.
Nakabachi: You... who are you!?
Rintaro: My name... Is Hououin Kyouma!
Nakabachi: What!?
Rintaro: ’Houou’ for ’phoenix’, then ’in’, and finally the ’terrible truth’ that must never be revealed! Hououin Kyouma! I am the Bringer of Chaos. The Destroyer of Order. And I am the one who will end your ambition!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu staggers to her feet with her hand to her neck.
Kurisu: Run away!