UNSPOKEN: I don’t know what the future will bring. There’s still the possibility that Daru won’t get married -- that Suzuha won’t be born. But still, I believe. That in seven years, we will meet again. And that’s when I will give her this pin, her birthright as Lab Mem 008. Until then, I’ll keep it in a safe place. I aimlessly head out to town, alone. I want to get a better look at the Steins Gate worldline. But try as I may, I can’t find anything drastically different. Way back when, Faris’s D-Mail erased the moe shops from Akiba. That time, it was obvious that the world had changed. I feel unsatisfied, so I look up at Radi-Kan. Obviously, there’s no satellite stuck in the roof. It’s open for business as usual. When I arrived on this worldline, right after I saw Suzuha disappear, the very first thing I did was ask Mayuri and Daru a question. Have there been any murders at Radi-Kan? As they panicked at the sight of my bloodstained body, they answered that no one had been murdered at Radi-Kan. As we waited for the ambulance to arrive, I had Daru call up the news on my phone. They were running the story about Nakabachi’s flight to Russia. This time, Nakabachi looked terribly agitated. His eyes were bloodshot. He was yelling, spraying spit everywhere. His appearance was strikingly similar to how I last saw him in the hallway of Radi-Kan. To me, his unintelligible rambling was evidence of Operation Skuld’s success.
Nakabachi: This is an outrage! An outrage!! A fire!? How can that happen!? My precious thesis was burned to a crisp! The future of humanity went up in flames! This is no time for an interview! I won’t stand for this, Russian Airlines! I’ll murder every last one of your crew members! Money’s not the issue! Aren’t you listening!? You burned my thesis! My thesis, which would have changed human history forever! I should never have let you fools handle my suitcase! None of this would’ve happened if I’d just carried it with me!
UNSPOKEN: The subtitles read What was your thesis about?
Nakabachi: Time travel! The invention that can grant control over all space-time, from past to present to future!
UNSPOKEN: The screen immediately returned to the studio, where a female reporter continued.
Female Reporter: This outburst continued for some time. Doctor Nakabachi, also known as Makise Shouichi, was detained by Russian authorities upon arrival at Domodedovo International Airport in Moscow. Makise is currently under investigation by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department as a suspect in the July 28th stabbing of a young man--
UNSPOKEN: I don’t think anyone’s going to listen to Nakabachi now. For argument’s sake, let’s say Nakabachi manages to recreate Kurisu’s thesis from memory. Nothing will come of it as long as Kurisu is alive. The scientific community undoubtedly trusts the Makise daughter over the father, meaning Kurisu can deter any attempts made by Nakabachi. World War Three won’t break out. Or at the very least, it won’t be over the Nakabachi Paper. I haven’t seen Kurisu. Apparently, Kurisu reported to the police that I was stabbed. But at present, there has been no progress on the investigation, as the victim -- from their point of view -- up and disappeared. I heard from Daru that no one was murdered at Radi-Kan, and I couldn’t find a single report of anyone dying in the area that day. Kurisu is still alive. That much is certain. But I haven’t had any contact with her since then. Aside from the few words we exchanged at Radi-Kan, the current Kurisu and I are strangers. Besides, I was bedridden, so it’s not like I could have gone to see her even if I had wanted to. Kurisu said that she was supposed to go back to America in August. That was on the Alpha worldline, so things may have changed. But what reason would she have to stay in Japan after what her father did to her? I thrust my hand into my pocket. Two pins remain. One of them is for Lab Mem 001. That’s me. The remaining badge, which belongs to Lab Mem 004, may never reach its rightful owner. But Kurisu is alive, and that’s good enough for me. I once chose to let her die. I once killed her with my own two hands. But this time, I was able to save her. No one remembers those three weeks we spent with Kurisu. No one but me. I will remember. I will never forget. So I don’t need anything else. I don’t want anything else. Hey, Kurisu. I don’t know what the future holds. War may still break out. SERN may still complete their time machine. But at the very least, the future is undecided. We’re building it now. From the bottom up. Not just me. Not just you. But every man, woman, and child. So keep on watching, wherever in this wide world you may be. I take out my own pin and fasten it to my chest. I walk through the sea of shoppers, staring straight ahead.
Rintaro: ...eh?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly turn around. Just now, in the corner of my eye, I saw her. The girl who shouldn’t be here. Her long hair fluttered as she passed me by. There. A familiar figure. I’d recognize that back anywhere. She has stopped too, in the middle of the sidewalk. Slowly, slowly, she turns to face me. It’s her. I thought she had gone back to America. It’s her. She doesn’t even know me.
Kurisu: It’s you!
UNSPOKEN: That voice. That face. That hair. Those eyes. Makise Kurisu is standing there, the same as I remember her.
Kurisu: I’ve been looking everywhere for you! Ever since you saved my life. I was afraid I’d never have a chance to say thank you. I’m so glad we could finally meet. Thank you. Thank you so much. And thank goodness you’re alright.