UNSPOKEN: A girl is standing in front of me. She calls my name with an inquisitive tilt of her head. We are about to infiltrate deep into enemy territory. Yet despite the imminent risk of death, there is no hint of tension on her innocent, childlike features. I cover my phone's mouthpiece and turn to the girl with an index finger to my lips.
???: You talking to someone?
UNSPOKEN: I nod and put my phone back to my ear. Still no sound from the other side. My contact is wise to maintain silence. The whole area could be bugged.
Rintaro: ...No, I was just talking to someone. Everything's fine. I'm about to infiltrate the assembly hall.
UNSPOKEN: Still no reply. Looks like they just want my report. It's too dangerous to waste time talking here anyway.
Rintaro: Yeah, Doctor Nakabachi got the jump on us, but I'll make sure he tells us everything. What!? The Organization is already on the move!?
UNSPOKEN: I open my eyes wide to match my shocked tone. The girl turns towards me in surprise. I sigh, shaking my head as I rub my temples.
Rintaro: I see... so that's the choice of Steins Gate. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I speak the parting words, then pocket my cellphone. Steins Gate. Some know it as Fate; to others, it is the Will of God. You could count on one hand the people in this world aware of its true nature. In any case, we should begin the infiltration. I advance towards Radi-Kan, which is just across the street from the train station. Of course, this is enemy territory. I can't just stride through the front door like an average person. I bypass the elevators and escalators and head to the 8th floor by the stairwell. But I only make it to the 7th floor before I have to stop and rest.
Mayuri: Who was that on the phone?
UNSPOKEN: The girl -- Shiina Mayuri -- immediately resumes our conversation. She followed me all the way here, and she isn't even short of breath. I, on the other hand, am gasping for air with my hands on my knees. Who would have thought an 8-story building would be so tall? I turn to Mayuri while wiping the sweat off my brow.
Rintaro: If I told you, I'd have to kill you.
Mayuri: Oh, wow. Thanks, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles happily and doesn't pry any further. As always, she is quick to understand my position. We've known each other since we were both little. Mayuri is 16 -- two years younger than me -- so she's more like a little sister than a typical childhood friend. I've been looking out for her as long as I can remember. I used to hope that Mayuri might become the key to Steins Gate, but now I've reconsidered. I don't want that terrible fate for her. She should live a normal life. That is my present wish. We continue to the 8th floor and enter the assembly hall. In front of us stands a cheap looking stage with a podium and a sign reading Doctor Nakabachi's Time Machine Press Conference.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri insists on calling me Okarin, but it's neither my real name nor my codename. It's just one of those annoying nicknames people use.
Rintaro: How many times do I have to tell you? Don't call me Okarin.
Mayuri: Huh? But I've always called you that.
Rintaro: That was then! I have since become Hououin Kyouma, the insane mad scientist hunted by secret organizations the world over. Muhahaha!
Mayuri: But that's too hard to remember.
UNSPOKEN: In any case, Hououin Kyouma is my true name.
Mayuri: And besides, it doesn't even sound like Okabe Rintaro. You're weird, ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: Cease your foolish laughter! Okabe Rintaro may be my real name, but I have rejected it, for it is stupid. And so I also hate the derivative Okarin. Come on, it sounds like that elf boy's blue pipe thing.
Mayuri: So, Okarin, can I ask you something?
UNSPOKEN: In one ear and out the other. She's been calling me that for five years now, so maybe it's time to give up.
Mayuri: What are we doing here?
Rintaro: Wait. You followed me here without knowing why?
Mayuri: Yup.
UNSPOKEN: She nods without dropping her smile.
Rintaro: We're here for Doctor Nakabachi's press conference.
UNSPOKEN: We're standing in the assembly hall on the 8th floor of Radi-Kan. It is here that the conference will be held. Doctor Nakabachi is an inventor. He appears on TV from time to time and has a few patents under his belt, but mostly he is treated as a curiosity.
Mayuri: Press conference? But where are the reporters?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's right. I've scanned the entire hall, but there's no one who looks like a reputable reporter or cameraman. There are only about ten of us standing in the hall, including me. Considering Nakabachi's moderate media presence and the fact that he claims to have invented a time machine, I would have expected more.
Rintaro: Could this be the Organization working its twisted influence?
UNSPOKEN: I twist my lips into a sneer. I thought that Nakabachi was like me, a scientist fighting to overthrow the Organization. But this press conference suggests other motives at work. Our enemies won't miss this chance.
Rintaro: I'd prefer not to get wrapped up in his mess.
UNSPOKEN: Nevertheless, I'm interested in what he has to say. That's why I'm here, blowing an afternoon of my precious summer holiday. Mayuri ponders my utterance for a while before finally turning her head.
Mayuri: You wrapped something? Is it his birthday too? Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: I let out a sigh. Mayuri is known to not only make bad jokes, but to laugh at them too. She's always been... special.
Rintaro: Keep your guard up, Mayuri. I suspect this won't be a normal confer--
UNSPOKEN: I didn't even finish my sentence! Are we under attack!? Are they trying to fry our brains with electromagnetic waves!? Dust falls from the ceiling as the floor shakes. We're definitely under attack. It's coming from above, but we're on the top floor. All that's above is the roof.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: And then a woman, who I assume is a staff member, appears to wave us back.
Woman: The press conference will proceed as scheduled!
UNSPOKEN: Is she trying to hide something? Her response was unusually quick, almost like she's trying to keep me away from that device.
Rintaro: I've got a nose for conspiracies, and this stinks of a coverup. What are they hiding? What was that explosion?
UNSPOKEN: I want to know... but I shouldn't risk getting any closer. I turn and leave... ...but not because I'm scared or anything like that. Staff members lead all of us back to the 8th floor. Mayuri is nowhere to be seen. She's not in the event hall either. I find her on the 7th floor. Several capsule toy machines are lined up next to a plate reading Birthplace of the Japanese PC. She's gazing upon them with a wistful look. I breathe a sigh of relief, then take out my phone.
Rintaro: It's me. I've got a bad feeling about this. Something's happening, and I have no idea what it is. ...Yeah, I know. Don't worry. I won't do anything to jeopardize the mission. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: After I speak the words and hang up, I am able to wipe the sweat from my forehead. My sweat is cold. Half of me hopes something will happen. The other half fears the same thing. I put away my phone and look back at Mayuri. She's still staring at those capsule toys. She doesn't seem to be worried about the explosion at all. I can't decide if she's level-headed or just air-headed.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
Mayuri: Hmm? Well... I really want an Upa.
UNSPOKEN: Just as I thought. Mayuri points to a capsule machine. The sign on the front says 'RaiNet Kakeru 3D Character Doll Series'. RaiNet Kakeru is a popular anime series with its own card game spinoff, RaiNet AccessBattlers. They even hold international tournaments. Upa is the series's mascot character. It resembles an elliptical egg with limbs sticking out, like some kind of deformed dog. It's what they call an uglycute character. High school girls find these creatures adorable for some reason. Last year, an ugly frog character was the rage. Its name escapes me, though.
Rintaro: Then go for it. I can't guarantee you'll get an Upa, though.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri gives me a troubled smile.
Mayuri: But Mayushii's all out of 100-yen coins.
UNSPOKEN: Mayushii is what Mayuri calls herself sometimes. According to her, it's supposed to have an ☆ at the end -- Mayushii☆. But who really cares?
Mayuri: So, can I borrow 100 yen? Please?
UNSPOKEN: She holds her hands out with a look like a begging puppy. Looks like she was planning this from the very beginning. Well, at least she didn't say 'gimme'.
Rintaro: Do you think it's that easy, Mayuri? You'll get no money from me. Instead, I'll show you just how harsh life really is.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Ah, ahh...
UNSPOKEN: I open the capsule and take out the contents. Mayuri leans forward eagerly to see what I got.
Mayuri: It's an Upa! And it's metal! A Metal Upa!
Rintaro: Is it rare?
Mayuri: Super rare!
UNSPOKEN: While I examine the Metal Upa, a boy who was watching us tries his luck on the same RaiNet machine.
Boy: Aw, a normal Upa...
UNSPOKEN: He looks at my Metal Upa in resentment. I turn to see Mayuri's sparkling eyes also fixed on the Upa. Hey, high school girl. You're acting like a little kid.
Rintaro: Hmph. I give this creature of metal to you, Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I don't want it.
Mayuri: Really!? Are you sure, Okarin?
Rintaro: The name's Hououin Kyouma!
Mayuri: Ehehe! Thank you, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Is she doing it on purpose?
Presenter: Thank you all for coming to Doctor Nakabachi's Time Machine Press Conference.
UNSPOKEN: I hear the announcement from the floor above.
Rintaro: Sounds like they're starting.
UNSPOKEN: I head to the stairs. But Mayuri doesn't follow.
Rintaro: Let's go, Mayuri.
Mayuri: Mm... just a sec. I gotta write my name.
UNSPOKEN: She's preoccupied with the Metal Upa. I go on ahead.
Presenter: Without further ado, I am pleased to introduce the inventor, Doctor Nakabachi! Please welcome him with a big round of applause!
UNSPOKEN: Doctor Nakabachi enters to sparse applause. He walks up to the podium. He's already wearing a frown, for some reason. I can feel his irritation from here.
Nakabachi: I am Doctor Nakabachi. Thank you all for coming.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi takes the microphone and begins to speak, his voice brimming with confidence.
Nakabachi: Now then, ladies and gentlemen, allow me to begin with my theory of time travel, the greatest scientific breakthrough of the century.
Mayuri: Did he really build a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri appears after writing her name on the Metal Upa. She's a bit late, in more ways than one. What did she think a time machine presentation would be about? I take another look around the room. There are about 20 people now, including us, but still no media presence to speak of. So this is the extent of Doctor Nakabachi's fame. No one believes that he invented a time machine. I was interested in what he had to say, true, but my expectations were no higher than the rest of the onlookers. And a good thing they weren't. As he proceeds to explain his time machine design, my curiosity quickly turns to disappointment, then anger.
Rintaro: DOOOOOCTOOOOOOOORRR!!
UNSPOKEN: My roar silences Nakabachi and draws the eye of every person in the room.
Rintaro: Do you take us for fools!?
Nakabachi: Who the hell are you?
Rintaro: Who the hell am I!? Someone who knows you for a fraud, that's who! You stole your theory from John Titor! And you call yourself an inventor!?
Nakabachi: S-someone throw this man out!
Rintaro: You're the one we should throw out, Doctor! Have you no shame!? You have no right to call yourself an inventor!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Just then, someone grabs my arm from behind. Quite convinced it's an official here to throw me out, I turn around to glare him down.
Rintaro: Unhand me, you... huh?
UNSPOKEN: It's a girl about my age. Her intense stare seems to challenge me. I take a step back. Her face looks somehow familiar. Where have I seen her before?
Rintaro: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: We haven't met, but I know her face. It's Makise Kurisu. A few days ago, my friend Daru showed me a magazine article titled Girl Genius Gives Lecture in Akihabara. The article was about a 17-year-old girl who had just graduated from an American university. Her thesis was even published in a major scientific journal. Girl Genius, Makise Kurisu. I recognize the stubborn-looking girl from her photograph. She's even wearing the exact same scowl. What business could such a genius have with me? She takes a quick look around the room, then turns back to me with a stern expression.
Kurisu: Could you come with me for a moment?
UNSPOKEN: What's with the attitude? She's obviously not staff, and there's no way that the Makise Kurisu would be working with someone like Doctor Nakabachi. Which means... no!
Rintaro: Y-you're with the Organization!?
Kurisu: Huh?
Rintaro: If their tendrils have gotten this far, then I've made a grave mistake.
Kurisu: Stop fooling around and come with me.
UNSPOKEN: My outburst has already attracted too much attention. Nakabachi, in particular, looks like he wants to rip my head off. It must be mortifying to be exposed as a fraud by a bright young man like myself. Anyway, I mustn't draw any more attention to myself. If the Organization gets wind of my presence here, it could endanger Mayuri -- to say nothing of these ignorant civilians. I let Makise Kurisu lead me out of the assembly hall.
Rintaro: Try anything and people are sure to notice. What will your superiors say then?
Kurisu: What are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me. Quite fiercely at that. Attractive though she may be, there is no innocence in her eyes. A beautiful agent, unmatched in cruelty. My heart beats in exhilaration from the danger. Looks like chaos really does get my blood pumping. Heh heh heh.
Kurisu: I just need to ask you something.
Rintaro: What makes you think I'll answer? I know how the Organization operates.
Kurisu: What's with this 'Organization' stuff?
UNSPOKEN: Instead of answering, I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. I've been caught by an Organization agent. ...Yes, it's Makise Kurisu. She's a dangerous one. ...No, it's fine. I'll find a way to--
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly snatches the phone from my hand. What skill! I didn't have time to react.
Rintaro: What are you doing!?
Kurisu: Huh? Your phone's off. ...Who were you talking to?
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes pierce deep into my soul. I quickly look away. She's good. Is she trying to attack my sense of identity in order to cause a mental break? Recover. This isn't enough to sway me!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Such measures are necessary to maintain secrecy. I know things that could get me killed. I quickly retrieve my phone and wipe the cold sweat off my forehead. Whew, that was close.
Kurisu: ...So you talk to yourself.
Rintaro: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: This is bad. Ordinary methods don't work on Makise Kurisu, the genius girl. On the contrary, she's the one psyching me out! Damn. Looks like I'll have to make a tactical retreat. If I can just find an opening! Suddenly, Kurisu steps up to me with a serious expression. She stares right at me, her huge eyes blazing with strength of will. Such fire. I can't look away. Could someone with such pure eyes really be an Organization agent?
Kurisu: What were you trying to tell me earlier?
UNSPOKEN: Earlier?
Rintaro: What are you talking about?
Kurisu: About fifteen minutes ago. Before the conference started.
UNSPOKEN: Nonsense. This is the first time we've met. I was with Mayuri and that Upa toy fifteen minutes ago.
Kurisu: You were trying to tell me something, right? You looked really upset.
UNSPOKEN: Is this a trap? It does seem like one of the Organization's dirty tricks. But would this girl do something that underhanded?
Kurisu: You looked like you were going to start crying any second. Why? Have we met before?
UNSPOKEN: She seems sincere. That makes her even more suspicious. That's right, don't let her beauty fool you! She's a cold, calculating secret agent. If I show the slightest vulnerability, I'm done for!
Kurisu: And how do you know my name?
Rintaro: My knowledge has no limits.
UNSPOKEN: I am a mad scientist, after all.
Rintaro: Genius girl, our next meeting shall be as enemies!
Kurisu: Huh?
Rintaro: Farewell! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: I spin around and take off down the stairs, ignoring her call to stop. Like I'd listen to the enemy.
Rintaro: Damn the Organization! They must be serious if they're sending in agents like her!
UNSPOKEN: I run all the way down to the 4th floor and check behind me. Once I'm convinced Makise Kurisu's not tailing me, I sigh while rubbing my temples.
Rintaro: But I can't let them capture me yet.
UNSPOKEN: Well then, what do I do now? My mission was to attend the conference and evaluate Doctor Nakabachi's research. Now that I know he's a fraud, there's no real point in going back. I guess I'll just go home. But wait. Aren't I forgetting something important? Let's see now... what is it?
Rintaro: ...Damn. I left Mayuri behind.
UNSPOKEN: I knew she'd be a liability. I shouldn't have brought her along. I was trying to prioritize her safety, but got careless. I'll try calling her first. If she's alright, then I can just have her meet me here. With that thought in mind, I take out my phone. I turn it on. And it rings just as I do.
Rintaro: Hm? An email?
UNSPOKEN: It's not just a regular email. There's a video attached. And it's from an unknown address. I open the video file with some trepidation.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Dammit, Mayuri. Why won't you pick up?
UNSPOKEN: Looks like I'll have to go back to the assembly hall. But things will get messy if I bump heads with Makise Kurisu again.
Rintaro: Wait, don't tell me! Did that femme fatale kidnap Mayuri!? Damn you! Is that how the Organization operates!?
UNSPOKEN: Leaving without Mayuri isn't an option. Call me overprotective, but she's like a little sister to me, and there's a very real danger that she might wander off somewhere the moment I let her out of my sight. Mayuri has always been like that. I never know if she'll be there when I turn to look. ...In a sense, that's why I became Hououin Kyouma.
Rintaro: I have to go back for her.
UNSPOKEN: The thought of climbing back up to the 8th floor is depressing, but I have no choice. When I get back to the assembly hall, Doctor Nakabachi's conference has just finished. Nobody is on stage, and the phony inventor has already left. The 20 or so members of the audience are starting to pack up. I soon find Mayuri. She's in the corner, looking lost. Well, at least she wasn't kidnapped. Even better, I don't see Makise Kurisu anywhere.
Rintaro: Heh, looks like I scared her off. So be it. I'll let her go this time.
UNSPOKEN: Still, I keep my eyes peeled as I run up to Mayuri.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Why didn't you pick up? We're leaving.
Mayuri: Okarin! My Metal Upa ran away.
UNSPOKEN: She turns to me with a forlorn expression.
Rintaro: Ran away? What, it's alive? That's a little hard to believe.
Mayuri: I think I dropped it...
UNSPOKEN: I see, so she was looking for it. Not like it really matters.
Rintaro: Forget about it. You can always get another one.
Mayuri: No way. Metal Upas sell upwards of 10, 000 yen online, you know?
Rintaro: Wait... what?
UNSPOKEN: That toy was worth that much!?
Rintaro: Think, Mayuri! Where did you drop it!?
Mayuri: I don't know! That's why I'm looking. And even if we find it, you can't sell it, okay?
Rintaro: Muhahaha! That 10, 000 yen will fund my research!
Mayuri: I said you can't sell it! It even has Mayushii's name on it.
UNSPOKEN: Thus begins our search for the Metal Upa.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Upa, Upa, come out, come out, wherever you are!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri tries calling its name. I don't know if she truly expects a response. By the way, tutturu♪ is Mayuri's catchphrase. It means... actually, I've never bothered to ask what it means. Anyway, the Metal Upa is nowhere to be found. Maybe she didn't drop it in the assembly hall, but on the 7th floor landing near the capsule toy machines. Another possibility is that someone with an eye for rare items pilfered it. Just imagining the smug grin on that person's face makes me writhe in envy.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Sounds like you, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Woah, wasn't expecting that from Mayuri.
???: AHHHHHHHHHHH!
Rintaro: !?
UNSPOKEN: Wh-what was that?
Mayuri: Was that a scream?
UNSPOKEN: I think so... Only the presenter and a few other people are left in the assembly hall. Including Mayuri and me, less than half the audience remains. Everyone looks at each other anxiously, startled by the scream. Even I cannot suppress a shiver. First the explosion on the roof. Now this. What's going on here? Mayuri squeezes my hand tight.
Rintaro: Stay here, Mayuri!
UNSPOKEN: I take a deep breath, prepare myself, and head in the direction of the scream. The echoes lead me down a dark, empty hallway on the same floor. I'm pretty sure it came from around that corner. I crouch down and turn the corner slowly, keeping my eyes and ears peeled for any sign of danger. And there, at the end of the passage, I see it. There's something on the ground. No... someone. Motionless. Who is it? The clothes are familiar. ...It can't be.
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: Makise Kurisu... Her face is turned away, but I know it's her. The impertinent genius girl I just fought with ten minutes ago... ...is now face down in a pool of bright red blood. She's dead.
Rintaro: No... but... why?
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, I realize that I'm shaking. I want to run. Run away. I shouldn't have come. This is wrong. Someone killed Makise Kurisu. There's no other explanation. Who would do such a thing? There's no one else here.
Presenter: Uwahhh!
UNSPOKEN: I twist around in shock. Some other men have followed me. And every one of them is ghastly pale. They must have seen the body.
Presenter: Call the police!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: What happened, Okarin?
Rintaro: W-we're leaving!
UNSPOKEN: I grab Mayuri's hand and run. I race down the stairs, trying to drive the image of Kurisu's dead body from my mind. But I can't. The redness of her blood is burned into my mind, more than the sight of the body itself. That was my first time seeing a dead body. Is this what it's like? When I realized that she was dead, I felt chilling terror and a surge of nausea.  But that was all I felt. Fear and disgust. Shouldn't there be something more? I guess I just didn't know her that well.
Rintaro: Haah, haah...
UNSPOKEN: I finally stop once we get out to the main street, Chuo-dori. My chest pounds, my breathing labored from running down the stairs at full speed.
Mayuri: Hey, what happened? You look really pale...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri doesn't seem to comprehend the situation. I guess it's because she didn't see the body. She's not even breathing hard. She looks slow, but she's actually pretty fast on her feet.
Rintaro: Someone... died.
Mayuri: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: I take several deep breaths. The color of that blood still stains my brain. But I've calmed down a bit. Makise Kurisu is dead. And I don't know who the killer is. Sirens in the distance. I guess an ambulance will be here soon. Then the police will arrive, and this area will become a crime scene. But for now, the crowds milling through Akihabara have no idea what has happened. Everyone is going about their business as usual, the neverending search for electronics, moe, and porn. Just another day in Akihabara. I take my phone out of my pocket, perhaps out of reflex. I'm not sure what I plan to do with it. Oh, I know. My friend Daru. I'll tell him what happened just now, since he knows about Makise Kurisu. I suppose it might be disrespectful to the victim. But my adrenaline is pumping. I can't make calm decisions after witnessing something like that firsthand. That's how humans are, after all. We're not as special as we like to believe. At the end of the day, we're nothing but dirty, slime-like flesh. Our souls fester like semen left to rot in the womb. That's how we humans are. While wallowing in a bit of angst, I begin to type on my phone. Someone stabbed Makise Kurisu. Don't know who. Looked bad. Hope she's okay. I don't know if she was stabbed. That just seems like the most logical explanation, given the amount of blood and the absence of a gunshot. On the other hand, I didn't write that she was dead, even though I'm pretty sure she was. I can't exactly explain why I didn't. If I had to say, I guess I felt like writing it down would set it in stone. It might make me feel guilty as well. The thought brings a smirk to my face. It's not like I'm the one who killed her. Why should I feel guilty? I just saw someone's death up close, and only a few minutes later, I'm smiling. Am I really that cruel and cold? Well, I am a fiendish mad scientist, so it suits me. I finish typing and place my thumb over the send button. And then... I press down. Sending...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: What was that? Wait! Look around!
Rintaro: They're gone...
UNSPOKEN: Summer break. Noon. The busiest street in town. Just now, thousands of pedestrians vanished into thin air. Is this a dream? Am I hallucinating? I don't know. But they're gone. I saw them vanish with my own two eyes. I stand petrified, speechless, and alone on the empty street. Desperate to find someone, anyone, I look up. And there, at the top of Radi-Kan... Sticking out from the 8th floor event hall where we just were... Is a crashed satellite.
Rintaro: Hey, you. Can you see us? Why won't you answer? I'm asking you a question. Yes, you on the other side of the monitor. Hmph. Your silence only strengthens my hypothesis. I suppose that, from your perspective, it appears that we are the ones inside the monitor. Heh heh heh, but that's where you're wrong! For it is you who are inside! Your reality is nothing but lies and shadows. Naturally, that includes you, too. True reality is on this side of the screen. Don't believe me? I don't blame you. Few are those who can handle the truth. But no matter. I shall speak in simpler terms, easy enough for even you to understand. This is the Future Gadget Laboratory, located in the Akihabara district of Tokyo. We call it simply... the lab. Our purpose is to shatter the System and plunge the world into chaos.
Mayuri: Really? You shouldn't do bad things, Okarin.
Rintaro: Quiet. I'm a mad scientist, remember? From the station, head down Chuo-dori until you reach Suehirocho Station, then take a left onto Kuramaebashi-dori. In the alley before the traffic light, you'll find the run-down Ohiyama Building. The lab is on the second floor. On the first floor is a store of ill repute called the Braun Tube Workshop. You can't miss it. It deals exclusively in CRT monitors, of all things. Can you imagine? Even in the heart of Akihabara's Electric Town, the demand for CRTs is practically nonexistent. But the proprietor of the Braun Tube Workshop, Tennouji, is also the owner of the building. That's how he can afford to maintain his ridiculously niche hobby shop even as land value continues to rise. He may seem a rough sort, but he was no match for my charisma. Now the entire second floor is mine for next to nothing. Muhahaha! I digress. The Future Gadget Laboratory is currently experiencing a severe shortage of manpower. We welcome dedicated scientists from all fields to apply. At present, our researchers are--
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin. You've gotta say 'lab mems', not researchers.
Rintaro: ...Our lab mems -- laboratory members -- are three! I am the founder of the Future Gadget Lab, Lab Mem Number 001, the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Next, we have our resident cosplayer and only female member, Lab Mem Number 002, Shiina Mayuri.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Call me Mayushii! I like making costumes more than wearing them.
Rintaro: And last, we have our resident super hacka, Lab Mem Number 003, Hashida Itaru.
Itaru: Stop calling me that! It's super hacker, duh.
Rintaro: Here at the Future Gadget Laboratory, we devote ourselves to the art of invention! For details, see our lab's homepage. Our top priority, of course, is to develop weapons for the war with the Dark Dominion, but that research has spawned a number of offshoot inventions. In fact, that's all it's spawned. Our arsenal of Future Gadgets is up to eight, but this is just the beginning. I have a total of 108 inventions to create!
Itaru: Like in that tennis manga, right? I get it.
Rintaro: No! It's the number of earthly desires in mortals, you @channel junkie. And I thought I told you not interrupt me when I'm talking!
Itaru: Yeah, wouldn't want to interrupt you talking to yourself.
Rintaro: I'm not talking to myself. Can't you see? I'm talking to the person behind the monitor.
Mayuri: Ah, he just grinned!
Rintaro: What are you grinning about, damn you!? You don't even exist outside that monitor!
Itaru: Just say 'don't look at me'.
Mayuri: I don't think that's gonna work...
Rintaro: It appears our attempts to communicate have failed. It's sad to see someone so deeply in denial of reality.
Mayuri: Maybe they think we're in the game?
Itaru: I doubt it's even occurred to them.
Mayuri: But aren't your 2D girlfriends the same way?
Itaru: That's different. Those girls are my wives.
Rintaro: Nobody cares about your harem.
Itaru: But Mayushii touched upon a very interesting theme, ya know? What if we're actually just characters in a game? Any way we can know for sure?
Rintaro: No.
Itaru: Come on!
Rintaro: Such questions are meaningless. Our time is better spent thinking of ways to destroy the System.
Itaru: Nice chuunibyou, bro.
UNSPOKEN: I step back from the monitor. Displayed on the screen is the uglycute character Alpacaman. This is a game called 'Alpacaman 2', where you speak to Alpacaman via microphone and watch him react. The game exploded in popularity when it was released 10 years ago, but personally, I find only the ugly part of uglycute to be true. I bought it yesterday. 500 yen used. Headset included. I turn to Daru with a menacing glare.
Rintaro: Shut it, hacka. I'm no chuunibyou patient.
UNSPOKEN: I sweep my hair back and flash a devilish grin.
Rintaro: I am Hououin... Kyouma!
Itaru: That's your character's name, right?
Rintaro: Oh Daru... your communication skills are beyond repair.
Itaru: I'll have you know I go to a ton of offline meets, and I'm always the life of the party.
UNSPOKEN: This fat, bespectacled guy is my brother-in-arms and right-hand man, Hashida Itaru. Nickname: Daru. He's a hardcore otaku. You can always find him in front of the computer, playing games and watching anime. He has 2D wives on whom he cheats with 3D maids. I don't agree with his preferences, but to him, anything's fine as long as it's moe. He's the reliable and skilled partner who brings my ideas to fruition. Despite his insistence that software is his forte, he shows remarkable aptitude with hardware as well.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Over here, nursing a pricked finger, we have Shiina Mayuri. A 16-year-old high school student, if you can believe it. I've known her since we were both small. She's also an otaku. Nowhere near Daru's level, though. This ditzy girl is in charge of the lab's official Costume Division (for Women), and today she's working on costumes at her usual leisurely pace. Why does the Future Gadget Laboratory need costumes (for women)? It doesn't. The truth is that Mayuri is completely useless. Still, there's no way I would ever kick her out. After all, she was the first one to join the Future Gadget Laboratory. I still remember the day Mayuri first came to the lab. It was spring. She said to me:
Mayuri: Mayushii is Okarin's hostage! I belong here!
UNSPOKEN: Well, that certainly was cryptic. But her offer was my salvation. For she was the first to join me on my magnificent quest. She saved me from a solitary life on the run from the Organization. I will never forget her kindness. Mayuri doesn't have to be useful. Her being here is enough.
Itaru: So, did Alpacaman say anything?
Rintaro: Nope. Nothing.
UNSPOKEN: The human-faced alpaca inside the monitor was completely unresponsive. So unresponsive you'd think the game was bugged. Whatever, I give up. Never again will I play this boring game.
Rintaro: Damn antisocial alpaca!
UNSPOKEN: I curse his name and smack the TV. As soon as I do--
Rintaro: Hm?
UNSPOKEN: The TV makes a sound like it shorted, and then the screen goes blank. I change the channel... Nothing. Check the power cable... Nothing. Whack it again... Nothing. I guess it's broken. Damn. This crummy TV is on lease from the Braun Tube Workshop downstairs. It's probably just old.
Mayuri: You made Mr. Alpaca angry!
Rintaro: Damn. I'll have to get it repaired later.
UNSPOKEN: I turn off the TV and lie down on the couch. I'm fed up with the humidity of Japanese summers. I stare at a conspicuous stain on the ceiling while fanning myself. I close my eyes. And what naturally comes to mind is that impossible scene I saw an hour ago.
Rintaro: They're gone...
UNSPOKEN: As I left Radi-Kan, everyone vanished before my eyes. I can't explain it. And it wasn't just the people on the street. The people in the stores, gone. In the restaurants, gone. Even the cars vanished, drivers and all. And it all happened in the blink of an eye. Suddenly, an empty city spread before me. I could still hear the music from the stores, but those catchy melodies were the only sounds of life remaining. Heat was rising from the asphalt in waves, but I felt only a cold chill down my spine. I just stood there, breathless, until--
Mayuri: What's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's voice brought me back to reality. Mayuri hadn't disappeared. She was right there, looking at me with questioning eyes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Huh?
Rintaro: You saw it too, right!? Just now, before our very eyes!
UNSPOKEN: Panic took hold as the enormity of what had just happened struck me. Unable to control myself, I grabbed Mayuri by her slender shoulders and shook her.
Rintaro: Did you see it, Mayuri!? You saw it, right!?
Mayuri: Hmmm? Huhhhhh?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's head flopped back and forth from my shaking.
Mayuri: IIIII diiiiidn't seeeee anythiiiiing!
Rintaro: You... didn't?
UNSPOKEN: I stopped shaking her and looked straight into her eyes. She returned my gaze with eyes clear as glass marbles.
Rintaro: You saw nothing? Nothing at all!? There were people here a second ago, weren't there!?
Mayuri: ...There were?
Rintaro: Even the store employees are gone! That's impossible by any measure!
Mayuri: Of course they are...
UNSPOKEN: Her reply didn't make any sense.
Mayuri: It was like this when we got here. Oh, I know! You're seeing things, aren't you? I'm sure it's 'cause of the heat! Tutturu♪
UNSPOKEN: How could she laugh at a time like this? I always thought she was a bit strange, but maybe her brain is actually broken. I realized that she couldn't help me. With nowhere else to turn, I looked up at the bright blue sky. There wasn't a cloud in sight. The scorching summer sun shone bright through the gaps between Akiba's buildings. Naturally, my eyes drifted to the top floor of Radi-Kan, where I had been just a moment before. There it was. An enormous machine, like some kind of satellite, embedded in the roof of the building where, not five minutes before, I had found Makise Kurisu's body in a pool of blood. What happened to her? Just before everyone disappeared, I could've sworn I heard an ambulance siren. Makise Kurisu might still be in that dark, narrow passageway -- cold, bloody, and alone. The thought disturbed me, but the question at the forefront of my mind was...
Rintaro: ...What the hell is that satellite doing there?
UNSPOKEN: Right before Doctor Nakabachi's presentation, the building shook like a bomb had exploded. The roof door lock had been broken, and beyond it someone had placed a satellite-like machine, shrouded in smoke and glowing dust. When I first saw it, the satellite was on the rooftop. But that's not what I was seeing now. This satellite had penetrated the top floor of the building, obliterating the room where Doctor Nakabachi's press conference had been held. It must have fallen out of orbit without burning up in the atmosphere, somehow. I knew it was crazy, but what other explanation could there be? The real question was... When did that happen?
Rintaro: Mayuri, about that satellite...
Mayuri: Yup. What a surprise, huh?
Rintaro: What do you mean? What was a surprise?
Mayuri: It made a huge 'kaplow' sound!
UNSPOKEN: A huge 'kaplow'... It certainly did make a sound. But I don't think it was kaplow! I'd say it was more like Zzzzzznnnmmm.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Did it? Do you think any aliens were on board?
UNSPOKEN: Had I lost my mind? What I had seen didn't match at all with what Mayuri was saying. Suddenly, nothing seemed real. Had I dreamt it all?
Policeman: Hey! You two!
UNSPOKEN: Just then, a uniformed policeman ran up to us, his expression stern.
Policeman: What do you think you're doing here? This area is off-limits. You have to leave.
Mayuri: We're sorry!
Rintaro: First, my good man -- let's call you 'Officer A' -- I have one question!
Officer A: Officer A...?
Rintaro: Thousands of people just vanished! You saw it too, didn't you!?
Officer A: What are you talking about? Get out of here!
UNSPOKEN: I was quickly losing confidence in my own memories. I decided to tell him about Makise Kurisu and get him to call an ambulance, but before I could--
Officer A: Look, I don't have time for your nonsense.
UNSPOKEN: The policeman took me by the upper arm and said-- What? How could he say that with such certainty? While I was still trying to comprehend the situation, the policeman forcefully led us away. We were escorted up to UPX and released. There were people at UPX, like usual. Actually, there were far more people than usual. The place was packed. Just as Officer A had said, Chuo-dori had been blockaded by police, so nobody could enter. There was nothing we could do, so we headed back to the lab. And that brings us to the present. I'm baffled. Did the whole hour since the beginning of Nakabachi's presentation really happen? I check online for any news. The net is buzzing about the mysterious machine that crashed into Radi-Kan. All of the major stations in Tokyo -- even ToTV -- are running special bulletins about it. Fortunately, it doesn't look like anyone was hurt, but Chuo-dori is still closed off. Akihabara Station is jammed with reporters and curious onlookers. Nobody has mentioned anything about the disappearance of thousands of people from Akiba's streets, nor about Makise Kurisu's murder. It's all a mystery. ...A mystery?
Rintaro: I see... so that's it!
UNSPOKEN: From the sofa I spring to my feet, a wide grin on my face. Daru and Mayuri turn and stare.
Rintaro: This is all an elaborate coverup by the Organization! Their influence has corrupted local law enforcement, which means our entire government may already be under their control. My god! But they underestimated me, for I am not so easily played. One day, I will expose their deeds and put an end to their reign!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Ah, elixir intellectualis, a drink fit for a genius!
Itaru: Cola's better.
Mayuri: Okarin really loves his Dr P!
Rintaro: I pity the man who knows not the greatness of this beverage! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Step through the curtain dividing its center, and you'll enter the heart of the Future Gadget Laboratory: the development room. Just as the name implies, this is the room where we develop Future Gadgets. Needless to say, it is strictly off-limits to outsiders. Yes, I know the setup is cheap -- I would much rather have an airlock than a curtain -- but our research budget is already scraping the bottom of the barrel. Besides, what's important isn't money. It's ambition. I poke Daru and bid him follow me into the development room. All of the windows here are weather stripped with packing tape, so it's dim. And hot, almost like a sauna. I've been wanting to buy an air conditioner for the lab, but there's no money for that. We're currently accepting donations. Upon entering the development room, I pick up the lab coat that's lazily draped on the chair and put it on. I always wear a lab coat in the development room. For practical reasons as well as symbolic ones. Daru, however, refuses to wear his. Putting it on and taking it off is apparently too much trouble for him. He can't be bothered to do anything that doesn't interest him. It's men like him who give our generation a bad name. His lab coat (purchased from my own pocket money, I might add) just sits on the shelf. It's never been worn and probably never will be.
Rintaro: Daru. Is the plan progressing smoothly?
Itaru: Uh, what plan?
UNSPOKEN: Daru gives me a blank look. I sigh and turn his attention to the table in the middle of the room. Sitting majestically on top of the table is a commercial-grade microwave oven. It's significantly larger than newer home models.
Rintaro: The plan, as in the plan. Obviously, I'm talking about perfecting Gadget No. 8.
Itaru: Oh, that. How was I supposed to know what you meant?
Rintaro: We've known each other for what, three years now?
UNSPOKEN: We went to high school together. And now, we're going to the same university. We share an inseparable bond, like prison cellmates. He's only been a lab member for two months, though.
Itaru: We were in different classes junior year, and actually we didn't talk at all. So two years?
Rintaro: Details. The point is we've known each other a long time. I expect you to keep up with me here.
Itaru: N O P E
UNSPOKEN: Awkward silence. Man. All I wanted to do was have one of those cool cryptic conversations where we talk about plans and preparations and other important-sounding stuff but no one knows what it means except us. Shot down again.
Rintaro: So, are we any closer to figuring out what's wrong with Gadget No. 8?
Itaru: Not yet.
UNSPOKEN: So far, the Future Gadget Laboratory has completed a total of eight inventions. As I explained to Alpacaman, the lab's primary goal is to develop weapons for the war against the Dark Dominion, led by the Organization, that rules the world from the shadows. At present, we haven't completed any inventions of that sort. On the contrary. We haven't even figured out what we should make. But along the way, we have managed to create some ingenious Future-ish Gadgets as a byproduct of our research. It is a fundamental truth of science that great inventions are often created by accident. In other words, serendipity. Allow me to introduce our glorious Future Gadgets. Gadget No. 1, the Bit Particle Gun. Gadget No. 2, the Bamboo Helicam. Gadget No. 3, Could This Be Ora Ora!?. Gadget No. 4, Moad Snake. Gadget No. 5, 'Once Again I've Made A Worthless Object' by Goemon. Gadget No. 6, the Cyalume Saber. Gadget No. 7, Ghost in the Ball. They can all be seen on the website Daru made, so feast your eyes upon the product of a mad scientist's genius. Anyway, our current problem is Future Gadget No. 8, the PhoneWave (name subject to change). PhoneWave is a pretty weak name, so I've added (name subject to change) to the end until we come up with something better. For the record, it was Mayuri's idea, not mine. When a Future Gadget is completed, the three of us discuss what to name it. I prefer names based on mythology, or names with hidden meanings that need extra explanation to understand. Daru thinks my naming style too ridiculous. He just doesn't have a passion for words like I do. Mayuri can't be bothered to remember difficult names. She says they don't fit in her head. And so, our opinions on gadget names are always split. But I digress. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is, in short, a remote-controlled microwave. You put food into the microwave before you leave, then on your way back, call the attached cellphone to start the heating process. Voila! Hot food ready for your arrival. ...So it's basically a piece of junk. A few days ago, however, we discovered that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) has a second, unintended capability. Our brave -- or possibly just ditzy -- Mayuri had made it her daily routine to heat some frozen fried chicken by remote control. Long story short, she was defrosting her beloved Juicy Chicken Number One! as usual when the unexpected happened. The chicken came out more frozen than when she'd put it in. The microwave refroze the chicken. Since then, Daru and I have been searching for the cause.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru, now looking completely fed up with the heat, starts fanning himself with his shirt. I know what he means by really weird. Let's see if we can't make it happen again.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Mayuri! Bring forth the bananas!
Mayuri: Are you gonna turn them into gelbanas again?
Itaru: That's been bugging me, Mayu-shi. Can you stop calling them 'gelbanas'?
Mayuri: But gelbanas are gelbanas.
UNSPOKEN: I take the bananas from Mayuri and stick the whole bunch into the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Mayuri: Why do you have to use the whole bunch? It's a waste of food.
Rintaro: Your stinginess could cost us the battle with the Organization!
Mayuri: That's fine with me. Mayushii always buys the bananas, and now Mayushii can't eat a single one.
Rintaro: Next time, we'll only do one banana.
UNSPOKEN: But I already put the whole bunch in, so I ignore her hungry complaints. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is simple to use. It's a microwave with a phone taped on. The number is already in my address book. I just need to call the PhoneWave. Now, where did I put my phone... I check my pants and coat pockets. I'm connected.
Guidance: Hello. This is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: This is the voice of Mayushii Guidance, the system Daru programmed to operate the phonewave.
Mayuri: Do you hear Mayushii's voice?
Rintaro: Be quiet. I'm trying to listen.
Guidance: You can operate the timer from this menu. After pushing the # button, please enter the heating time in seconds. For example, press '#60' for one minute. For two minutes, press '#120'.
UNSPOKEN: Entering the command properly will cause the PhoneWave (name subject to change) to function like a normal microwave. Instead, we're going to deliberately mess up and enter 120#. When I enter the command, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) starts up with a low hum.
Itaru: Won't this just warm it normally?
UNSPOKEN: Crap, I messed up! I immediately shut it off. Let's try again. This time, we're going to ignore the guidance and enter 120#. Crap, I messed up. Let's start over. I need to ignore the guidance and enter 120#. That should do it. This method was originally a simple mistake on Mayuri's part, but it somehow starts the freezing process. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) comes to life. The turntable begins to rotate.
Itaru: Nice turntable, right? It's even spinning backwards.
Rintaro: Backwards!?
UNSPOKEN: I never noticed that!
Rintaro: That might have serious implications! If we look at quantum critical behavior driven by Hund's rule--
Itaru: Yeah! No.
Rintaro: ...not Hund's Rule?
Itaru: No.
Rintaro: ...okay.
UNSPOKEN: The three of us wait and stare at the spinning bananas. After 120 seconds pass, the microwave chimes. Mayuri takes the bananas out.
Mayuri: Gelbanas are ready!
UNSPOKEN: The bananas have become... not-bananas. Gelatinous blobs coated with a thin membrane. After Mayuri discovered that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) had a freezing function, we attempted to freeze a bunch of bananas. This is what happened. It just gets more confusing each time.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: ...They look really nasty.
Rintaro: The taste doesn't matter. What matters is that you eat it! So come on, Daru, no need to be shy. Break a leg, or a stomach, and go for it!
Itaru: No way.
Rintaro: ...Fine. Mayuri! The honor shall be yours.
Mayuri: But gelbanas are all gloopy, droopy, soft, and squishy.
UNSPOKEN: Wait, she already tried one?
Mayuri: It had no flavor and wasn't tasty at all...
Rintaro: Gloopy, droopy, soft and squishy... Daru, what do you think?
Itaru: Soft and squishy bananas, huh... Soft and squishy... banana... Mayu-shi, say 'your banana's all soft and squishy' for me.
Mayuri: Daru-kun, your nose is bleeding.
Itaru: Please just say it!
Mayuri: Your banana's all soft and--
Rintaro: Don't make her say that, you perv!
UNSPOKEN: Daru retreats after I hit him with a tissue box. Mayuri looks at us with an innocent smile. She doesn't get it, obviously. Anyway.
Rintaro: They're gelatinous, a semi-solid state of matter. In other words, there is a possibility that the intermolecular bonds were weakened.
UNSPOKEN: What could have partially liquified the bananas...
Rintaro: I've got it!
UNSPOKEN: I turn to the whiteboard and write FREEZING in the middle. Then, I cross it out and slap the board with my hand.
Rintaro: What we thought was a freezing function is actually something else!
UNSPOKEN: A bold statement, if I do say so myself. ...So why isn't anyone surprised?
Rintaro: Now's the time to shout, 'W-what you say!?' Come on, don't be shy!
UNSPOKEN: Their reactions are pathetically weak. Mayuri probably didn't even understand half of what I said...
Itaru: Uh, we already knew that.
UNSPOKEN: ...Oh.
Itaru: The problem is we don't know what it is doing, or why it's doing it.
Mayuri: If it's the opposite of freezing, then couldn't it be thawing them?
Rintaro: What a silly question, Mayuri. What you're describing is just a normal microwave!
Mayuri: Then, what is it?
Itaru: We don't know, and that's the problem.
UNSPOKEN: He's right. To be honest, I haven't a clue. In any case, there's nothing we can do about it now. It's time for Daru and I to head to Daibiru. There's going to be a seminar at ATF, and we have to be there. It's part of our studies at Tokyo Denki University. Summer credits, basically. We have to attend the seminar and write a report. Come to think of it, what's today's seminar about, again? I looked it up before the summer holiday began. I should have written it down.
Female Reporter: Behind me is the large, unidentified object that crashed into a building near Akihabara Station! The building is under police barricade. No one is allowed to approach, but from a distance, the object appears to be some kind of satellite!
UNSPOKEN: As we cross the overpass that connects UPX and Daibiru, I look down to see a huge crowd of people moving through the plaza. There are even some garishly dressed young men and women, the sort you don't usually see around Akiba. Everyone is walking towards the main street, which is still cordoned off.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: No point. Can't get close. I've been following the news online, though. There's already a hundred threads about it on @channel. It's huge, man.
UNSPOKEN: Oh, so that's why he was staring at his phone earlier. We enter Daibiru and take the elevator to the 5th floor ATF assembly hall.
Itaru: Man, feel that AC! I'm alive!
UNSPOKEN: Unlike the lab, Daibiru has air conditioning. Yet another reason for our diligent participation in the seminar.
Rintaro: About the PhoneWave (name subject to change). I might have found our answer.
Itaru: You know, that '(name subject to change)' thing is really annoying.
UNSPOKEN: I won't give in that easily. Even if no other lab members use '(name subject to change)', I will carry on until the day we decide its true name.
Rintaro: Now's not the time.
Itaru: So, what's your latest ridiculous theory?
Rintaro: What do you mean, ridiculous? My genius brain considers every possibility, even those a lesser mind would say break the laws of nature. Don't you dare call that ridiculous.
Itaru: So basically, you're just pulling stuff outta your ass. You can't call that science.
Rintaro: Daru. I have a hunch that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) may be the key to opening Steins Gate. How's that?
Itaru: Steins what? You lost me back at 'ridiculous', man.
UNSPOKEN: A chime signals our arrival on the 5th floor. The elevator doors open slowly. As we step out of the elevator--
???: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: I bump into someone. I quickly grab the person's shoulder to keep them from falling.
???: I'm sorry!
Rintaro: Wha...!?
UNSPOKEN: It's a girl. And I recognize her.
Rintaro: You... you...!
UNSPOKEN: Impossible. Chills run down my spine. I stare at her face in disbelief. I saw this girl just three hours ago. Makise Kurisu!
Kurisu: Is there something wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns and tries to back away. But I don't let go of her shoulder. My grip tightens.
Kurisu: O-ow!
Rintaro: Y-you... You should be dead! Why are you here!? And you're even...
UNSPOKEN: There isn't a single bloodstain on her clothes, and they're the same ones she was wearing when I found her. Only a serious wound could have produced that much blood. Yet as far as I can tell, she's completely uninjured.
Rintaro: Not a scratch...
Kurisu: Hey, that hurts! Let me go!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pushes me away. Then she shoots me a wary glare. I realize that I'm gaping in disbelief.
Kurisu: What's wrong with you?
Rintaro: You're okay? But that's impossible! Someone stabbed you! I saw you lying in a pool of blood!
Itaru: That again?
UNSPOKEN: Daru interrupts. Wait. There's something strange about what he just said.
Rintaro: What do you mean, 'again'?
Itaru: I mean, you sent me that email like a week ago, right?
Rintaro: I sent you an email? Don't be ridiculous! I saw her dead just three hours ago!
Kurisu: Hey! Could you not talk about me like that? I'm perfectly fine.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: It came from the future?
Rintaro: That sounds like something you'd read on the internet, Daru. It's rare for you to talk about ridiculous theories.
Itaru: No, the date was definitely a week later. It came from, uh... the 28th. Wait. That's today!
UNSPOKEN: Daru pulls out his phone and shows it to me. He's right. The email was sent from my phone. He received it on July 21st at 12:56. But it was sent on July 28th at 12:54. It was split into three mails. Someone stab bed Makise K urisu. Don't Why did I send such a short message in three parts? And it looks like the third email got cut off. I do recognize the content, though.
Rintaro: This is the email I sent you three hours ago.
UNSPOKEN: But I sent one mail. Not three. And there should be more text. Did Daru really get this a week ago?
Kurisu: Interesting...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu is standing next to me, peering intently at the screen of Daru's phone. Oh, right! The email's not important! Well, maybe it is, but not right now! The real question is why she's still alive! Is she an illusion!? No, an evil spirit!? Am I haunted!? I don't believe in such unscientific drivel! I am a mad scientist! I timidly reach out to Kurisu's face... My fingertips stroke her hair. Feels silky. Quite the cuticles.
Rintaro: Substance. She has substance. Of course she's not a ghost. How silly of me.
Itaru: O-Okarin, I don't think that's a good idea...
UNSPOKEN: I poke Kurisu's cheeks with my fingers. Such softness. Dead bodies don't feel like this. Not that I've ever touched one.
Kurisu: ...Hey.
UNSPOKEN: Wait a minute, we already touched when I bumped into her coming out of the elevator. I even grabbed her shoulders before being pushed away. And I still doubted that she had substance? That's just proof of how confused I am. If she's alive, then what did I see back at Radi-Kan? What was that scream I heard? Were they hallucinations, just like that mass disappearance? That's right, she was stabbed! Maybe she's just hiding her wounds. This requires further investigation. I grab the hem of her blouse and slowly lift it--
Kurisu: Are you trying to get yourself arrested?
Rintaro: I just want to know the truth.
UNSPOKEN: I stare straight back at Kurisu as she trembles with anger, and lift her blouse a little higher...
Kurisu: What truth, you perv!? You stupid!? Wanna die!?
UNSPOKEN: She pushes my hand away.
Itaru: Louise-chan's famous line for the win!
UNSPOKEN: Daru shouts something silly, but I ignore him and press Kurisu.
Rintaro: I know what I saw!
Kurisu: No way! Did you just see my underw...!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's face turns bright red. She firmly pulls her blouse down.
Rintaro: No, you fool! Not that!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Wait. Doctor Nakabachi?
Itaru: What are you talking about, Okarin? Doctor Nakabachi's presentation was canceled.
Rintaro: Canceled!?
Itaru: Yeah. Because of the satellite crash.
UNSPOKEN: Something's wrong. Our stories aren't matching. It's the same thing that happened right after I saw the mass disappearance. Mayuri's story didn't match mine. I need to know. Am I caught in some sinister plot? Is this another Organization conspiracy?
Kurisu: Excuse me, um...
Rintaro: My name... is Hououin Kyouma!
Itaru: Really, man? You're hopeless...
Kurisu: Okay, Hououin-san. I'd like to hear your story in more detail.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she finally understands I'm not lying. But I still don't understand why my memories don't match everyone else's. I doubt that I can give her a good explanation. Just then, an older man steps out of the assembly hall.
Professor: Makise-san? It's almost time.
Kurisu: Huh? Oh, right. Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at me one more time, then sighs and heads towards the small conference room.
Itaru: We should go too.
Rintaro: Go where?
Itaru: To hear the lecture, duh?
UNSPOKEN: Ahh, that. Daru follows after Kurisu. Did she come to attend the lecture too? Strange. Why would the girl genius, Makise Kurisu, need to attend a lecture like this? Okay. My guess was a bit off. The girl genius didn't come to attend the lecture.
Kurisu: Um, I'd like to thank everyone for coming to hear me speak today.
Rintaro: She's the one giving the lecture...
UNSPOKEN: Japan's famous girl genius, Makise Kurisu, who had her thesis published at the tender age of 17. According to Daru, she turned 18 a few days ago. I first heard about her when Daru pointed her out in a gossip magazine article. That's when he told me that she was going to be a guest at ATF. I'd forgotten all about it.
Kurisu: It's my first time giving a lecture like this, so please forgive me if I'm a little nervous.
UNSPOKEN: The audience is pretty mixed. It's mostly students like us, but there are also a couple of professors. And... Kurisu just gave me a sharp look. What did I do? When I return her stare, she quickly averts her eyes. Hmph, I don't care if she's a genius or whatever. I still don't like her. She may have these people fooled with her timid girl act, but I learned at Radi-Kan how cunning and aggressive she really is. Even if her murder was some kind of hallucination, my judgment of her character is still correct.
Kurisu: For today's lecture, I've been asked to speak on the subject of time travel. It's not really my area of expertise, but I'll try my best.
Rintaro: Time travel? Oh-ho...
Kurisu: Let me start by saying that time travel is an absurd concept.
Rintaro: OBJECTION!
Kurisu: Hwa...!?
UNSPOKEN: Every member of the audience, not just Kurisu, is startled by my interruption. Perhaps I'm being slightly rude here, but I'm not one to just sit and listen to some genius girl's drivel!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Okarin, you magnificent fool!
UNSPOKEN: Sitting at my side, Daru throws me a small salute. ATF staff are approaching, probably to kick me out. Perhaps I got too carried away.
Kurisu: Um... okay. It's fine, I guess. It'll be easier to talk in a discussion format.
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to her proposal, the event staff refrain from escorting me out. She sounds a little pissed, but let's not mind that.
Kurisu: But before that, please listen to my thoughts on the subject. Scientists have proposed many theoretical models of time travel, but there are eleven in particular that bear mentioning.
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... what are the major theories of time travel? I have heard about the cosmic string theory, at least.
Kurisu: Neutron Star Theory. Black Hole Theory. Lightspeed Theory. Tachyon Theory. Wormhole Theory. Exotic Matter Theory. Cosmic String Theory. Quantum Gravity Theory. Cesium Laser Theory. Elementary Particle Ring & Laser Theory. Dirac Antiparticle Theory.
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... not bad. Perhaps Makise Kurisu is a worthy rival after all.
Kurisu: However, all of these models are purely theoretical. Some of them even contradict each other.
Rintaro: Well, what if someone comes up with a 12th model?
Kurisu: Hm? Ahh, uhh, right, well... It could be contradicted by the 13th model, now couldn't it?
UNSPOKEN: Damn! She twisted my question and used it against me! Touche, genius girl. Suddenly, I feel eyes on me. Some puffed-up professors are giving me hard looks from across the room. Maybe I got too carried away. I don't want to risk losing my credits. I should back off for now.
Kurisu: By the way, time travel to the future is available to us right now, according to Einstein's special theory of relativity. For example, let's say someone were to go to Haneda Airport and board a plane headed to Okinawa. Upon arrival, that person would be about one hundred millionth of a second farther into the future than I am.
UNSPOKEN: What does that mean?
Kurisu: According to the special theory of relativity, time moves slower for objects as they approach the speed of light. For example, if you could run at near the speed of light, you could reach a point where time only moves half as fast for you. If you were to keep running at that speed for 24 hours, 48 hours would elapse in the rest of the world, meaning you would 'jump' one day into the future. Understand, Hououin Kyouma?
Rintaro: Gah!
UNSPOKEN: Why are you singling me out? I'm doing my best to hold back, but it looks like Makise Kurisu wants to pick a fight. I wish that she hadn't said that name in front of so many people. It's too great a risk to let others know my true name.
Professor: But that's not really time travel, is it?
UNSPOKEN: Now a professor calmly makes an objection. True, Makise Kurisu's example isn't strictly time travel, per se. But I never expected an older man -- a professor at that -- to refute an 18-year-old girl. Maybe he's just testing the genius girl's resilience.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Was it just me, or did Kurisu look a little nervous just now?
Kurisu: Let's say we wanted to make a machine that could physically transport people through time. What would we need? The best candidates for this are cosmic strings and wormholes. A cosmic string is a string-shaped 'crevice' with extreme mass.
UNSPOKEN: A string-shaped crevice? That must be how they enter our universe. But do cosmic strings really exist?
Kurisu: The crevice is about as wide as an elementary particle, and at least as long as the diameter of a galaxy. It has immense mass, so it distorts space-time. If you were to travel through that distortion, you could make a full circle around the string in less than 360 degrees. In short, you can do something resembling a warp. This is called a space-time angular deficit. When you pass through an area of angular deficit, transit time becomes zero. Now we apply this to a cosmic string moving at near-light speed. According to the special theory of relativity, time will flow slower for the cosmic string in relation to its surroundings. Therefore, passing through the area of angular deficit would cause the transit time to become negative instead of zero. In other words, you will arrive in the past after transit. If you use two cosmic strings, you can do a space deficit jump. If you loop back to your original location, you can return to the same time you started revolving. And that, roughly speaking, is time travel by means of cosmic strings. By the way, just so nobody misunderstands, cosmic strings are not the same as superstrings. Now then, you need three things in order to travel to the past with cosmic strings. First. The cosmic strings themselves. Two strings, to be exact. By the way, they are hypothesized to exist only where the universe was first formed, so they might be a little hard to find. Second. You would need the energy required to make them move them at near-light speed. How much energy do you think you'd need to accelerate something as long as the Milky Way to near the speed of light? I'm pretty sure it's a little more than 1. 21 jigowatts.
UNSPOKEN: This earns a few chuckles from the audience.
Kurisu: Third. You'd need a spaceship capable of reaching these cosmic strings and returning. With the time traveler alive, of course. What do you think, Hououin-san? Care to take on the challenge of cosmic string time travel?
UNSPOKEN: Like that's even possible. And why the hell is she addressing me? I wasn't even the one who jeered this time.
Kurisu: Hm? Looks like Hououin-san doesn't want to take the challenge. In that case, let's consider wormholes. They may be a little more realistic than cosmic strings. By the way, Hououin-san. Do you know what wormholes are?
UNSPOKEN: No, don't ask me! I'm trying to hold back here. Since I've been challenged, though, I can't leave the question unanswered.
Rintaro: It's like a shortcut through space... right?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: If you stabilize the tunnel with exotic matter injection, instantaneous travel between wormholes becomes possible. To travel through time, however, takes a little more effort. For example, let's say there's a wormhole entrance here in Akihabara, and the exit is in Los Angeles. First, we send the wormhole in LA all the way to the end of the universe at near the speed of light. And once it's there, we yank it back to LA.
UNSPOKEN: Uh... how?
Kurisu: According to the special theory of relativity, time slows down for objects moving at the speed of light. Meaning the hole that returned to LA would be further in the past than the Akihabara hole. So now, if Hououin-san jumped into the wormhole, he'd arrive in LA several years before he left. However, this still can't be called true time travel. It only seems that way. This is called the Urashima effect. The important part is to return to Akihabara from LA through the wormhole once more. Since the transit time is zero... Hououin-san will return to Akihabara several years in the past. Time travel complete. The prerequisites for wormhole travel are simpler than the ones for cosmic string travel. First. The wormhole itself. They may exist somewhere in the universe. But nobody has ever seen one. Second. The energy required to move a wormhole to the end of the universe and back at near-light speed. Third. Exotic matter, which, by the way, has not been confirmed to exist.
UNSPOKEN: So, implementation of either one would require a ridiculous amount of effort.
Kurisu: Now do you see what I meant when I said that time travel is an absurd concept? Time travel theories are all just thought experiments. Not one of them can create a viable time machine. That is my answer.
Student: Isn't there anything simpler? Like something you can pull out of a drawer and just use, or something.
Kurisu: I'm afraid not.
UNSPOKEN: A firm declaration.
Kurisu: This is the limit of modern physics. I can't say how it might change in ten years, though. Besides, even if someone did overcome the logistical requirements, there may be other factors that prevent time travel from working. And that's because fundamental problems concerning the principle of causality have not yet been solved.
Rintaro: You mean time paradoxes... and conservation of mass?
UNSPOKEN: The mass of the entire universe is constant. If a time machine traveled from the future to the past, there would suddenly be the extra mass of the time machine and its pilot in the past. I remember reading in a book -- not a terribly reputable book, but still -- that such a violation of mass conservation would put the universe in danger. It didn't say what kind of danger, though.
Kurisu: If you think that conservation of mass applies to macro-systems like the universe or micro-systems like atoms or elementary particles, you're mistaken.
UNSPOKEN: What!? Is that true?
Kurisu: Heh.
UNSPOKEN: Ah! She's laughing at my reaction! That little... Gah, how mortifying...
Kurisu: Conservation of mass only applies to chemical reactions. It doesn't hold in modern physics at all. Something can come from nothing.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: The time paradox of time paradoxes. In other words, the Grandfather Paradox.
UNSPOKEN: Oh, that thing where you kill your own ancestors before you were born?
Kurisu: As long as this paradox goes unsolved, time travel can never be realized. Never.
Student: What if you just don't kill them?
Kurisu: You can't think of it like a sci-fi movie. It's not just about your family tree. There are far greater dangers than that.
UNSPOKEN: Really? It doesn't seem that dangerous.
Kurisu: Any paradox, no matter how small, would cause the total collapse of causality, relativity, and every other physical law in existence. Paradoxes are nothing more than thought experiments. They cannot occur in reality, and they should not. Nothing that has even a 0. 000001% chance of causing a paradox can happen. The universe won't allow it. Wouldn't you say this is the logical conclusion? There may be loopholes, like parallel worlds or the self-consistency principle, but those seem too much like fantasy for me to accept.
Rintaro: Gah...
UNSPOKEN: I grind my teeth. When I see Makise Kurisu looking at me with her composed expression, I avert my eyes. Looks like I have no choice but to concede. Makise Kurisu truly is a genius! I ended up listening to all of Kurisu's lecture at ATF. After the two time travel theories she introduced at the beginning, she explained the rest with equal eloquence.  She seemed a little nervous at first, but that quickly changed as she spoke. By the end, it was an impressive lecture. So impressive that you wouldn't think it was an 18-year-old's first time. She did well to respond to my malicious questions with sarcasm. She's got guts. Wait, why am I praising her!? Leaving that aside... I saw Makise Kurisu dead. And yet she is alive. My memories don't mesh with reality. And not just about Kurisu. My conversations with Daru and Mayuri didn't make sense either. Everything would be solved if I just told myself that what I saw was a dream. An illusion. It never happened. But never say never. ...This leaves me with no choice. After parting ways with Daru at ATF, I head to Yanabayashi Shrine. I need to get exorcised. I seriously doubt that the Makise Kurisu at ATF was a ghost.  Regardless, it's natural to seek an exorcism after such an experience. I'm Japanese. It's in our blood. Yanabayashi Shrine is located on the other side of Kanda River. To find it, enter the first side road after crossing Manseibashi Bridge. It's a very small shrine that doesn't fit with the surrounding multi-tenant buildings. Kanda Myojin is the more famous shrine in Akiba, but I deliberately chose this one. The shrine is so small, you could easily miss it if you weren't looking. Regardless, I can hear the chirping of cicadas from the few trees growing here.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: There are two girls standing in front of the main building. One of them is Mayuri. The other is a docile-looking beauty in traditional miko attire. Urushibara Luka. A stunning example of feminine charm and grace. Lips delicate like cherry blossoms in bloom. The essence of Japanese beauty. The chief priest's son. That's right, son. Lovely in every way... but he's a guy.
Luka: Good afternoon, Okabe-san.
UNSPOKEN: He bows his head. The voice of a girl. The mannerisms of girl. More feminine than any girl I know. But he's a guy. Taller than Mayuri. Yet oh so slender. But he's a guy. Looks stunning in miko robes. But he's a guy. Holding a bamboo broom. Apparently in the middle of cleaning. But he's a guy. It's almost evening, yet still hot as hell outside. But he's a guy. Damn cicadas won't shut up. But he's a guy.
Rintaro: Lukako. That blade I gave you, what happened to it?
UNSPOKEN: He's a friend of mine. I call him Lukako. We met when I rescued him from some aggressive photographers in Akiba's Pedestrian Heaven. It also so happens that Lukako and Mayuri are classmates. I learned that fact after I had gotten to know him. Lukako is taken aback by my sharp question. He starts fidgeting with a flushed face and tears in his eyes.
Luka: Um, you mean... Demon Sword Samidare?
Rintaro: Correct. I bought it for you so you could learn to control your power.
Mayuri: Oh yeah! You bought it at BladeWorks, right? I think you said it cost 980--
Rintaro: Don't say another word! Any more and they will come to silence you!
Mayuri: They're gonna silence me? Thanks for worrying about me, Okarin. But who are they?
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Mayuri's question.
Rintaro: So, Lukako. Are you making sure to practice with Samidare like I told you?
Luka: Y-yes, I do practice swings once a day...
Rintaro: As long as you carry it and master the Seishin Zanma school of swordsmanship, you can prevent the dark flame inside you from consuming your soul.
UNSPOKEN: Demon Sword Samidare may be an imitation sword, but that is only the form it takes to hide from the world. When one worthy to wield it appears, it unleashes its true power. And it was on sale for only 980 yen (tax included).
Luka: Thank you, Okabe-san. It was a wonderful present.
Rintaro: My name isn't Okabe.
Mayuri: It's Okarin!
Luka: I'm sorry, Kyouma-san.
Rintaro: As long as you understand. Now, speak the words.
Luka: Ah, umm. El... Psy... Kongaloo...?
Rintaro: No! Not Kongaloo! Kongroo!
Luka: Y-yes! El... Psy... Kongroo. D-did I get it right?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako smiles happily as I nod.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Such a lovely smile. But he's a guy.
Mayuri: Such a beautiful master-disciple relationship. Mayushii's not a fujoshi, but she's getting a little excited.
Luka: Ehh!? M-Mayuri-chan, please don't imagine such things...
UNSPOKEN: Geez. Though we do have a master-disciple relationship. I, Hououin Kyouma, have gone to great lengths to brainwash -- er, I mean teach -- Lukako about the evil conspiracies that rule the world, and how to resist them. That stuff about Demon Sword Samidare is part of that training. Looks aside, Lukako is very obedient and hardworking. Plus, he's always eager to learn new things. A master couldn't ask for a better disciple. Though he does have the weaknesses of not catching on too quickly and being too shy.
Rintaro: What are you doing here, Mayuri?
Mayuri: I came to see Luka-kun. ComiMa's coming up next month, and I want him to cosplay as Kirari-chan from RaiNet. But he won't say yes...
Luka: But, cosplaying... that's just too embarrassing for me...
Mayuri: But I'm sure you'll look great in it! The phrase 'someone this cute can't be a girl' is really popular, you know? C'mon, make your cosplay debut!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's hobby is making costumes. She's made at least thirty so far, but it's rare for her to wear one herself. Instead, she seems to get her kicks from seeing other people wear them. And it looks like she's chosen Lukako as her next target. Naturally, the costume Mayuri is currently raving about is for a female character. Normally, I would understand why a man wouldn't want to dress like a girl, but come on. Lukako has no problem wearing miko robes. Why should cosplay be any different?  But whatever. I have business to take care of.
Rintaro: Save the trivial stuff for later.
Mayuri: Ehh? But it's really important to Mayushii.
Rintaro: And it's trivial to me! Anyway, Lukako. There's a good reason for my being here today. I need you to perform an exorcism.
Luka: An exorcism? Then I'll go get my dad. Please wa--
Rintaro: No, it's nothing that serious. I just need some peace of mind.
UNSPOKEN: That's why I came here instead of Kanda Shrine.
Rintaro: So with that said, bring out the usual.
Luka: Um, the usual? You mean Samidare?
Rintaro: No! Who the hell uses a demon sword for an exorcism!? The usual for an exorcism should be obvious!
Luka: Uhh... um...?
Rintaro: I don't know what it's called, but it's that stick with the zigzaggy paper thingies that the priest does a shaky thingy with!
Mayuri: Ahaha! That sounded really dumb, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Quite a shock to hear that from Mayuri.
Luka: Oh, the oonusa. But, I don't know if my father will lend it to me... I'll go ask him.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Well, time for me to go to work!
Rintaro: Do your best. You going straight home afterwards?
Mayuri: Yup.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri lives in Ikebukuro. She comes to Akiba by train just about every day. It should be obvious since we're childhood friends and all, but I live in Ikebukuro too. Though I've been staying at the lab since summer break began.
Mayuri: See you tomorrow!
UNSPOKEN: I call Mayuri to stop before she trots off.
Rintaro: Wait, Mayuri. Back at Radi-Kan, you heard a man scream, right?
Mayuri: Scream?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri blinks several times and puts her finger to her temple as if in thought. Then she gives her usual smile.
Mayuri: When was that again?
Rintaro: This afternoon.
Mayuri: I don't think I heard anything...
Rintaro: ...Oh. Well, alright.
Mayuri: Okarin's a weirdo! Bye bye! Tutturu♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri leaves, this time for good, though she pauses to wave at least a half-dozen times before disappearing beyond the archway.
Luka: Thanks for waiting, Okabe-san.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako returns shortly after Mayuri leaves. In his hands is the white zigzaggy thing I asked for.
Luka: Dad let me borrow it. Thank goodness. Um, did Mayuri-chan leave?
Rintaro: Don't worry about Mayuri. Begin the exorcism at once, Lukako!
Luka: Um, okay, but do you really want me to do it? What exactly am I exorcising, anyway?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is flustered. Is he really up to this? I'm beginning to doubt. I should have known better. The instant doubt touches my heart, a terrible chill shoots up my spine.
Rintaro: Guh! It's the evil spirit... in my arm!
UNSPOKEN: I grab my violently shaking wrist.
Rintaro: Be still, foul spirit! Guh... Hurry, Lukako! It's trying to take over!
Luka: N-no way! Please hang in there, Okabe-san!
Rintaro: I'm not Okabe-san!
Luka: I'm sorry, Kyouma-san! Ahh, but what should I...
Rintaro: The exorcism... hurry! Just do it... like I taught you!
Luka: O-okay!
UNSPOKEN: With a serious look on his face, Lukako grasps the oonusa with both hands as if it were a sword. His stance is impressive. I've taught him well.
Luka: Ummm... ummm...
UNSPOKEN: His face is red, and he can barely talk. It looks like he wants to say something, but is hesitating. Panicking because he feels awkward? Tch. Amateur!
Rintaro: Please... Luka... expel... this spirit... from me... I don't... want to... kill you!
Luka: Uuh...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako starts crying. Looks like he's really worried. Reason tells me he's a guy, but his lovely appearance makes me feel guilty. Like I made a frail girl cry. But despite the tears welling up in his eyes, it looks like Lukako's managed to work up his resolve.
Luka: H-hear me, evil spirit!
UNSPOKEN: He raises the oonusa up high, shaking it left and right.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: That's great! Now strike my arm with those zigzags!
Luka: Ei!!
UNSPOKEN: The tip of the oonusa touches my upper arm. In an anime, this would be the cue for some dramatic shockwave to occur, but nothing like that happens. The only sound is the chirping of cicadas.
Luka: D-did it work?
UNSPOKEN: I take a deep breath. The trembling in my arm has stopped.
Rintaro: ...I'm okay. Looks like you drove away the evil spirit. Good job, Lukako.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako sighs in relief and blushes.
Luka: I'm glad I was able to help.
UNSPOKEN: His shy smile really does make him look like a girl. After I get back to the lab, I take the broken TV down to the Braun Tube Workshop for repairs. Daru and Mayuri have already gone home, so I have to carry the TV down the narrow staircase by myself. It's brutal, back-breaking work, but I manage. I push the workshop door open with my hips and head inside. The room is dimly lit by the setting sun, but the gloom is offset by the glare from the gigantic CRT in the center of the room. A 42-inch CRT television. It doesn't seem like something you could get in modern Japan. With LCD TVs becoming the new standard, I seriously doubt anyone would want a bulky, old CRT.
???: Yo! What's up, Okabe?
UNSPOKEN: Sitting in front of the huge CRT is an equally huge man reading a sports newspaper. He's the workshop's manager, actually the owner of this whole building, Tennouji Yuugo. I call him Mister Braun. It's a fitting name for someone who loves Braun tubes.
Rintaro: What's up? That TV you gave me broke, that's what.
Tennouji: I bet you were treating it rough, weren't ya?
UNSPOKEN: I barely manage to set the heavy TV on the counter.
Tennouji: Love. You gotta' treat 'em with love!
UNSPOKEN: A muscle-bound bald guy talking about love... It sends shivers down my spine.
Rintaro: I'll need repairs post-haste.
Tennouji: Man, why do you always talk like that?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Same as me.
Tennouji: Student?
Amane: No.
UNSPOKEN: She shakes her head.
Tennouji: Why do you want to work here?
Suzuha: Because I love CRTs.
Tennouji: Hired! You start tomorrow!
Rintaro: Wait, what? Is this some sort of joke? Are we on camera!?
Suzuha: Thanks, boss.
UNSPOKEN: Finally, Amane Suzuha seems to relax. Then she looks at me.
Suzuha: Um, who are you?
Rintaro: You... dare ask my name? Banish the thought from your head, girl. To learn it would place your life in jeopardy. Countless women have learned my name only to find themselves targets of the Organization. Sarah in America, Claudia in Italy, Simone in France... I won't put anyone else in danger.
Tennouji: Hey, stop pulling things outta yer ass.
UNSPOKEN: He just doesn't understand my pain.
Tennouji: This idiot rents the second floor. Name's Okabe Rintaro.
Rintaro: My name is not Okabe. It's Hououin--
Tennouji: Quit it, or I raise your rent.
Rintaro: ...I'm Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: The girl stands up, places her hand on my shoulder, and looks at me with a serious expression.
Suzuha: I don't know anything about this Organization that's after you. But if you're ever in trouble, Okabe Rintaro, let me know. I can help with stuff like that.
Rintaro: ...Huh?
Tennouji: ...?
UNSPOKEN: Stuff... like what?
Suzuha: If necessary, I can hurt them so bad they'll never bother you again.
Rintaro: Mister Braun, I don't think you should hire her.
Tennouji: Yeah. She might be a wild one. I'll fire her if she causes any trouble. Anyway, ignore that Organization nonsense. It's all in Okabe's head.
Suzuha: It is?
Rintaro: You just keep thinking that.
UNSPOKEN: But some day, the world will kneel before me. Muhahaha! And then, Amane Suzuha stares straight at me again. Maybe she has a habit of looking people in the eye.
Suzuha: So that's the current trend. Thanks for the tip!
UNSPOKEN: Trend? I don't think so.
Rintaro: ...so hot.
UNSPOKEN: I was at university all morning. As I return to Akiba the heat is now becoming unbearable. I grab an ice coffee at the bakery inside Yodobashi to quench my thirst. While I'm at it, I guess I'll check @channel on my phone. I mostly frequent the occult board, the future technology board, and sometimes the physics board. I search for threads on the mass disappearance phenomenon or Makise Kurisu's stabbing, but turn up nothing. So were those hallucinations after all? When I peek at the occult board, I find posts in multiple threads from someone claiming to be John Titor. Wait. John Titor is back? John Titor appeared on an American BBS 10 years ago, claiming to be a time traveler. He claimed to have traveled from the year 2036 in order to obtain an old computer, the IBN 5100. His claims started quite a storm among the BBS denizens. Titor also made several accurate -- if fragmentary -- predictions of future events. The start of the Iraq War, and the spread of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, for example. To prove he was from the future, he explained the principles behind his time machine and provided pictures of its operation manual. But after about four months, he disappeared without ever revealing his identity. At one point, his predictions gained popularity even in Japan. Yes, he certainly did get some things right. But on the other hand, he missed several others. Some of his posts contradicted each other, too. That's why, to this day, most people doubt his authenticity as a time traveler. So after ten years of silence, that same John Titor is now on a Japanese BBS? Ridiculous. It's obviously a troll. First of all, John Titor is American. Yet now, he's posting on @channel in Japanese. Let's take a look at his posts. Looks like they've already made an archive of these threads. Of course, there have been sites dedicated to John Titor for years now. This post closely resembles what the original Titor wrote 10 years ago. I've read one of the books on Titor. That's how I know. This new John Titor is clearly an impostor. There are many Titor fanatics on @channel. He's not exactly a household name in Japan, but I doubt anyone would fall for this level of trolling. As I continue to read, however, I find the response the opposite of what I expected. Everyone is accepting this time traveler as if this were his first appearance. Nobody has even mentioned his appearance 10 years ago. Finding this strange, I try posting a retort, but everyone ignores me. What the hell? You can figure this out if you do a little research, people! There's the original John Titor thread archive in English, and plenty of Titor blogs in Japanese. I enter John Titor's name into a search engine. Wait... only 12? Moreover, all 12 are about the current Titor's postings on @channel. I can't find a single trace of the Titor from 10 years ago. Bizarre. This just can't be. I searched for information on Titor a few years ago. Back then, I got tens of thousands of hits. Is this search engine filtered? I try searching on another site just to make sure, but it gives the same result. What is this madness? It feels like I've stumbled onto another plane of reality. Could this be another Organization conspiracy? These past two days, I've been surrounded by nothing but chaos and confusion. I'll call Daru. He'll know about Titor for sure. After all, I've talked to him about Titor before. I only vaguely remember the details of that conversation. But I'm positive the conversation happened.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: It's me. Report.
Itaru: ...Okarin, can you drop the act when you're on the phone at least?
Rintaro: Are you aware that John Titor has returned?
Itaru: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Rintaro: Where are you, anyway? You coming to the lab?
Itaru: I'm at MayQueen+Nyan².
Rintaro: Again?
UNSPOKEN: MayQueen+Nyan² is a maid cafe in Akiba. Daru's a regular there. Apparently, 3D cat maids are his thing too.
Rintaro: I have a sensitive matter to discuss.
UNSPOKEN: Actually, it's not sensitive at all.
Rintaro: Don't move until I get there.
Itaru: Huh? You're coming? Fine, bu--
UNSPOKEN: By the time I dig my phone out of my bag, I no longer feel like making the call. Instead, I send him an email on the way back to the lab. He replies with his location. By MayQueen, he means MayQueen+Nyan², a maid cafe. Daru's a regular there. Apparently, 3D cat maids are his thing too. MayQueen+Nyan² is only a three minute walk from the lab. Coming from Kuramaebashi-dori, take a left at Tsumakoisaka Crossing and you'll find it. That's where I'm headed now. It's usually busy in Akiba during summer break, but now it's even busier because of the Radi-Kan incident. The area was blocked off yesterday, but it doesn't look like they could keep the main road closed for two days straight. I haven't seen a single police officer today. But the Radi-Kan building still seems off limits. The entrance shutters are closed shut and sealed with yellow police tape.
Female Reporter: We're here now in Akihabara the day after the unexplained satellite crash. The police barricade has been lifted, and a tremendous number of people have gathered in front of the station! The satellite's origin is still under investigation. We're told that it can't be removed until the authorities have more information. According to the police, the satellite does not appear to be dangerous. However, tourists and local business owners have raised concerns.
UNSPOKEN: The media has dozens of cameras set up outside of the police line. And there are nearly twice as many onlookers as reporters. Enough to fill the entire street with people. Everyone's aiming their phone cameras at the satellite-like object. So many people... Living in Akiba, you get used to crowds and big events, but a gathering of this size is unusual. I wonder when they'll get rid of that thing. I hope it doesn't explode or something. They've been letting people back into the area, so I guess there's no danger. Still, considering its unknown origin, I'm surprised there isn't more security. Today, like always, otaku are shopping for doujinshi, import games, electronics, or whatever strikes their fancy. Aside from the scene at Radi-Kan, it's the same as any other day. But I still don't understand what I saw yesterday. I've half accepted that the mass disappearance was just my imagination. Maybe I've become unable to distinguish reality from fantasy, like the media likes to say about teenagers these days. With that thought in mind, I return my gaze to the street. And there, in front of me, stands a woman holding her phone in front of her face.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What the hell is this!? Are you mocking me!?
UNSPOKEN: She lowers her head a little more. An apologetic bow, I guess.
Rintaro: Just hand me your phone! I'll enter it!
Moeka: ...!
UNSPOKEN: She shakes her head, clutching her phone with both hands as if to protect it from me. Like a spoiled child who can't let go of a toy, she shields it from me with all her might. What does she think I'm going to do? Her reaction is a little depressing. Anyway, she's obviously not going to hand her phone over, so I ask for her address instead. I'll send her a blank mail. She told me her name a few minutes ago, but I forgot it already, so I enter her as Shining Finger. What am I doing standing here in the middle of the street? Let's hurry up and send her a blank email. I don't need to type anything. It's just to give her my name. I already put her in my contacts. Just send a blank email to Shining Finger. And send. Her phone doesn't react, and she gives me a questioning look. As I begin to wonder why it didn't go through--
Rintaro: Woah!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, my phone starts ringing. I look at the screen and see that Daru's calling me.
Rintaro: It's me. What is it?
Itaru: What do you mean, 'what is it'? I've been waiting, you know? And what's with that blank email?
Rintaro: Blank email? It went to you?
Itaru: It sure did.
Rintaro: That was a mistake. Don't worry. The email will self-destruct in 10 minutes.
Itaru: Hey, just what are--
UNSPOKEN: I sent the email to the wrong address. It's no wonder she didn't get it. Let's try sending it again. I press the End button and ignore Daru's call. Her phone's not getting the email no matter how long we wait, so let's try again. And, send. She's staring at her phone. I don't think I've ever met someone who made less eye contact. After a few seconds, her phone receives the email.
Moeka: Okabe... Rintaro?
Rintaro: What!? How do you know that name!?
Moeka: From the blank email...
UNSPOKEN: Damn, my email is still linked to my real name. I must change it at once!
Rintaro: That's just my alias. I'll send another one with my true--
Moeka: No... this is fine.
Rintaro: Nonsense! I am not Okabe Rintaro, but Hououin Kyou--
UNSPOKEN: She's really not buying it.
Rintaro: Did you delete the picture?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: If you deleted it, then prove it.
UNSPOKEN: She silently shows me her screen. The only picture remaining is the one of that computer. That's a relief.
Moeka: I'll email you... later. So ask... okay?
Rintaro: About what?
Moeka: ...The urban legend.
UNSPOKEN: Oh, that. I almost forgot. With that, Shining Finger wanders off. Throughout the encounter, she kept the same cool expression. Actually, I don't think we ever once made eye contact. And, send. Her phone doesn't react, and she gives me a look that seems to ask something. Why won't it transfer? We both look at her phone's screen in bewilderment. What's wrong? This is so annoying. I'll send it again. And, send. Her phone doesn't react, and she gives me a look, like she wants to asks something. Why won't it transfer? We both examine her phone's screen. This is getting annoying. I'll send it again. And, send. Her phone is silent. She looks at me as if to ask something. What's going on with the transfer? We both look at her phone's screen in bewilderment. I'll try to send it again. And, send. Her phone doesn't react, and she gives me a look that seems to ask something. Why won't it transfer? We both look at her phone's screen in bewilderment. I'll try to send it again. She frowns while looking at her own phone. And then she glances my way. I can feel those eyes clearly saying hurry up. But I'm hesitant. I'm not sure if it's a good idea to give her my true name. But regardless of how long I hesitate, I don't think that she'll let me go until I send her the email. She sure is persistent. Looks like I have no choice but to send the email. We exchange a few words, and then I get away from her as fast as I can.
Maids: Welcome back, Myaster!
UNSPOKEN: I open the door to the MayQueen+Nyan² maid cafe, and two familiar cat-eared girls greet me with smiles.
Mayuri: It's Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: One of them is Mayuri. But here, she's called Mayushii NyanNyan. Since she works here, I stop by about twice a month. I guess that would make me a regular customer. Actually, I've never been to any other maid cafe.
Mayuri: Welcome back, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: After bowing again, Mayuri gasps as if she thought of something.
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin! Mayushii just noticed something. 'Welcome back' and 'Okarin' go really well together!
UNSPOKEN: Whatever...
Faris: Kyouma! It's great that you came, nya!
UNSPOKEN: The other maid who came to greet me, Faris NyanNyan -- her professional name, of course -- hits me with her trademark combo attack of cute cat-like gestures. She's MayQueen+Nyan²'s most popular maid. Even though she and Mayuri are about the same age, she looks and acts a bit younger.
Faris: Daru-nyan's here too. He's been waiting, nya.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: Are you holding another secret meeting to overthrow the evil Organization, nya?
Rintaro: Uh, yeah, something like that.
Faris: Faris wants to join too, nya!
Rintaro: No chance. The Organization isn't threatened by cat-eared maids.
Faris: Not true, nya. Faris has the purrfect secret technique to help take them down.
Rintaro: What!? You've finally mastered that secret technique!?
Faris: Yes, nya... After completing my pilgrimage to the Guiana Highlands and overcoming my mentor's death, I finally mastered it.
UNSPOKEN: What mentor... Faris knows my true name, Hououin Kyouma. I've also told her all about the Organization. And now she's more into it that I am. She's always the one to bring up the subject whenever we meet. By the way, this the first time I've heard of this 'secret technique', or whatever it is.
Faris: So Faris wants to participate in the Spirit Conference like you promised, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Ugh... she's not letting it go. It'll take 30 minutes if I play along with her.
Rintaro: You're not suggesting we venture to the Sanctuary!? The answer is no. Although you may understand the Hidden Secrets, you're still too inexperienced.
Faris: But... but you promised, nya! Are you going to betray me!? My brother is waiting for me there...
UNSPOKEN: Since when do you have a brother!? And what the hell's this Spirit Conference anyway? Faris looks at me with actual tears in her eyes. I falter, even though I know it's just one of her cutesy acts. Whenever I talk with her, I run out of comebacks, which is really unusual for me. And then she takes the initiative, leaving me with nothing to do but listen to her fantasies. I mean, come on, you can only take it so far. There's a very clear difference between her stories and mine. As anyone can see, I speak nothing but the truth, while Faris has only delusions and a made-up backstory! I always have to play along. That's why I feel like I can never best her.
Mayuri: Umm, I don't quite get it, but can Mayushii go to the Sanctuary too?
UNSPOKEN: Great, now look who's joined in. It's just going to get worse from here. I have to end this conversation now!
Rintaro: You can't come. This discussion is over.
Mayuri: Ehhh?
Faris: No fair, Kyouma!
Mayuri: That's right! Leaving Mayushii and Feris-chan behind is mean!
Rintaro: ...Who's is 'Feris'?
Mayuri: Feris-chan is Feris-chan. Right?
Faris: Right!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Faris look at each other and smile. Is she talking about this Faris? Is that her real name? Have I been mistaken all this time? That's a disturbing thought...
Mayuri: Well, Mayushii has a hard time saying Faris, so I call her Feris-chan instead!
Rintaro: Oh, so that's it.
Faris: It's like we're in a girl's school. That's not too... tabby.
UNSPOKEN: Ok then. Moving on...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: Nyahaha! Sorry, nya. Table for two, this way, nyan♪ Mayushii, I'll leave it to you, nyan nyan.
Mayuri: Leave it to me, nyan nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: If you hadn't noticed, the cat-eared maids here at MayQueen+Nyan² are required to add cat sounds -- nyas and nyans -- to their words with some frequency. Mayuri takes my hand and leads me inside. Apparently, Mayushii NyanNyan is the only one who leads customers by the hand like this. It probably comes naturally to her. She doesn't even realize the effect it has on her customers. And that's why she's second to Faris in popularity at this maid cafe. She guides me to Daru's table. The tables are about 60% full. Among Akiba's maid cafes, MayQueen+Nyan²'s popularity is solid, but not booming.  Considering what Faris and the others are wearing, it's more like a cosplay cafe than a maid cafe. Furthermore, the cat ears and NyanNyanian dialect makes it less accessible to low-level otaku and first timers. On the other hand, those same cat ears are a topic of heated debate among die-hard maid cafe fans. These two viewpoints clash. This place is one of the older maid cafes in Akihabara, but it doesn't get much media exposure. Maybe that's what makes it more comfortable than most. At least, that's what Daru says. He talks about this stuff so much that it's been burned into my synapses.
Mayuri: Daru-kun, Okarin is here, nyan.
Itaru: You're way late. Seriously, man.
UNSPOKEN: Daru sits in front of me, but doesn't look my way. He looks upset for some reason.
Itaru: So, what were you just talking about with Faris? I want details.
Rintaro: ...You really want to know? I don't think you'd understand it.
UNSPOKEN: Hell, even I didn't get most of it.
Itaru: Ah, the usual... Your conversations are too much for regular otaku. You guys exude an aura or something, you know? It's like you too have your own Reality Marble! You know I can't forgive you!
Mayuri: I think Feris-chan likes Okarin, nya. Of all the maids and masters here, nya, the only one who can keep up with Feris-chan is you, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: I'm not even close to keeping up with her.
Itaru: I'm so jealous! You lucky bastard!
Rintaro: Hmph, I have no interest in women who dress themselves in lies.
Itaru: Like you're one to talk.
Rintaro: Silence, you unfaithful bastard! All your 2D wives are crying.
Itaru: Gwahh, you struck a nerve, man...
UNSPOKEN: Daru theatrically grabs his chest and falls onto the table. I sip from one of the glasses of water that Mayuri brought to our table.
Mayuri: Master, may I take your order, nya?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Coming right up, nyan nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: After taking my order, Mayuri finds her way towards the counter as if swimming between the rows of tables. I hope she doesn't trip.
Itaru: So, what did you need?
UNSPOKEN: Daru asks without getting up from the table. That's right. In my confrontations with Shining Finger and Catgirl, I almost forgot my original objective.
Itaru: I was gonna head to the lab in about an hour.
Rintaro: I have an urgent matter to discuss. Top secret.
UNSPOKEN: I lean on the table and scan the area without moving my head.
Rintaro: You remember John Titor?
Itaru: ...John Titor? Who's that?
Rintaro: The self-proclaimed time traveler who appeared on the internet about 10 years ago. I thought we talked about him before.
Itaru: Is this a new addition to your made-up backstory?
Rintaro: It's nothing like that! Everything I say is the truth!
Itaru: What a pain. Well, I guess I can play along. So, what's the source on this Titor guy being from the future?
Rintaro: Wait, you've seriously never heard about him before?
Itaru: Seriously, bro, I haven't.
Rintaro: Sure you didn't just forget?
Itaru: I can't say for sure.
Rintaro: There are even books about him.
Itaru: I might remember if you show me one.
Rintaro: You really don't remember?
Itaru: Memories fade. We're not computers, man.
UNSPOKEN: This is wrong. I remember talking to Daru about John Titor back in high school. It was only idle talk, so it's possible that Daru forgot about it. Daru is quite the internet addict, but the internet lets you choose what information you want to see. There's no guarantee Daru looked up info on John Titor. If he had, I doubt he would have forgotten so completely. Is it my memories that are mistaken, or everyone else's?
Rintaro: Then what about the IBN 5100?
Itaru: Woah, you know about that? Cool.
Rintaro: So you know about it?
Itaru: It's the model IBN released back in 1975.
UNSPOKEN: Right. That's what John Titor said on @channel. He traveled to 1975 first, obtained an IBN 5100, then leaped to 1998.
Rintaro: What kind of computer is it?
Itaru: The stupidly expensive kind. Back when it came out, computers were so expensive that average people couldn't get their hands on them. It was full of proprietary IBN technology, and was a pretty powerful computer for its time. Then six years later, in 1981, IBN launched the popular IBN PC series. Now that's more famous. Anyway, it's not like I'm an expert. This is just stuff I read on a wiki.
Rintaro: Have you heard the urban legend that there's one in Akiba?
Itaru: You bet I have. Just last month there was big talk about it on the net. Some @channelers heard the rumors and went searching for it. My friend on FrePara, Sister Centipede, was the main person behind that. Even the legendary 'Neidhardt der Blitzschnelle' joined the fray, but they still couldn't find it.
Rintaro: So it was just a hoax?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Hmm. I see.
UNSPOKEN: My phone suddenly starts vibrating. It stops after about 3 seconds. Looks like I got mail. I can check it whenever I want, but... I'm talking to Daru now, so it can probably wait. Oh come on... What's with this mail? Disregarding the weird timing... Is this really the gloomy, unsociable woman I met in front of Radi-Kan? She's like a completely different person in this email. Does she have split personalities or something? Hmmm... well, I got some info about the IBN 5100, so I guess I should give her a reply. But if I send an immediate reply to a woman I just met, won't I come off as clingy and desperate? I, Hououin Kyouma, will not be taken lightly. This is my chance to make her understand which one of us is the superior human being. And above all, I have yet to ascertain if she can be trusted. She might start harassing me if I reply the wrong way. And besides, she hasn't proven that she's not working for the Organization. Nonetheless, it couldn't hurt to tell her what I learned from Daru. To discourage her, of course. Muhahaha! I tell Daru to wait a bit as I start typing out a response. It's not like I trust her, but I figure I should tell her what I learned from Daru. And then she'll be completely discouraged. Muhahaha! Ok, sent. What!? A response already!? Hardly any time lag!? As always, Shining Finger, your digits defy the laws of physics. I start reading the mail. Oh, dammit! Just as I thought, that woman has a predisposition for harassment. I never should have gotten involved with her. Let's not reply to this one. I've fulfilled my minimum obligation. I have nothing to feel guilty about.
Rintaro: Sorry for the wait, Daru.
UNSPOKEN: Let's ignore it. This is out of kindness. Mmhmm.
Rintaro: Sorry for the wait, Daru. So, there's one thing I need to know.
UNSPOKEN: I scan the area with my eyes once more. Then I lean in close.
Rintaro: The IBN 5100 has the power to destroy the world, right?
Itaru: What? It doesn't have the power to do anything, let alone destroy the damn world.
Faris: What this, nya? The world's gonna be destroyed, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris brings my omelet rice. She's doing her cat-like gestures while keeping her tray balanced on one hand. True feline agility. Despite her NyanNyanian nonsense, Faris is the consummate professional.
Faris: Master, thanks for waiting nyan nyan♪ Omelet rice, nyan!
UNSPOKEN: The catgirl puts the omelet rice on the table and then takes a bottle of ketchup from her apron pocket. She uses it to write THE WORLD IS DOOMED!! in red letters upon the omelet's blank yellow canvas.
Faris: Please enjoy your meal before the world ends♪
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: It appears the cuteness has shattered Daru's sanity. I give him a look that says 'calm down', but to no avail. I smooth out the ketchup with the bottom of my spoon, erasing the ketchup words.
Itaru: Ahh... what a waste...
UNSPOKEN: I'm going to eat it either way.
Faris: Daru-nyan, Daru-nyan, have you considered participating in the Faris Cup, nya?
Itaru: Yeah, of course I'm participating!
Rintaro: Faris Cup? What's that?
UNSPOKEN: I take a mouthful of omelet rice.
Faris: Next Sunday, we're hosting a RaiNet tournament at the cafe, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris starts dancing in place. I'd prefer she not jump around like that when people are eating nearby.
Faris: Faris is the event organizer. It's all my idea, nyan! You can participate too if you want, Kyouma! Entrance fee is 1000 yen and includes a drink. Whoever beats Faris gets to enjoy some of Faris' home-cooking, nya.
Itaru: It'll never happen. Okarin sucks at RaiNet.
Faris: Nya? But it's so fun.
Rintaro: No, I'm fine...
UNSPOKEN: I stop shoveling the omelet rice into my mouth. Then I deliver a melancholy sigh.
Rintaro: RaiNet AccessBattlers, huh... Whenever I hear that name, I remember the former champion... Has it already been two years? No, it's nothing. Forget what I said.
Faris: NyaNya? That sounded so serious, nya! Who was the former champion, nya?
Itaru: He probably doesn't exist. I mean, RaiNet didn't even have official tournaments until about a year ago.
Faris: Kyouma... you still can't forget him, can you, nya?
Rintaro: What?
Faris: I remember that you and the champion -- my brother -- were such good friends, Kyouma. You were so close it made me jealous, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. She took my story and ran with it again! I never even said anything about him being her brother! Hell, I don't know if Faris even has siblings! I shouldn't have talked about stuff like this in front of Faris!
Faris: But it's time to let go of the past! Seize the day with your own paws!
UNSPOKEN: Her shout resounds throughout the store. Her finger snaps at me.
Faris: Even though it's painful... no, because it's painful, I succeeded my brother's dying wish and purrfected my skills as a RaiNetter, nya! Do you remember, nya? He always used to say, 'Some day, let's bring peace to the world with RaiNet--'
Rintaro: Faris, bring me my coffee.
Faris: NyaNya?
UNSPOKEN: I present my empty plate to Faris. I always eat quickly. It's a habit I picked up naturally during my years on the run from the Organization. Screw the slow food trend.
Faris: Sure thing, Master! Just a moment, nya♪
UNSPOKEN: Faris takes the dish and heads back to the counter. Whew... if I'd left things going as they were, I would've had to play along for another 10 minutes in her fantasy world.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru explains with a wry smile.
Itaru: She's gone undefeated in over 400 unofficial matches.
Rintaro: Is she Rickson Gracie?
UNSPOKEN: Daru ignores my perfect retort.
Itaru: It's so disappointing that Faris doesn't go to official tournaments. She'd win if she did, no doubt.
Rintaro: Why doesn't she?
Itaru: I'm sure it's for the customers! She probably doesn't want to inconvenience the store. Truly a model maid. Also, she's Mayushii's age, so she probably has school too.
Rintaro: She doesn't want to inconvenience the store, yet she's holding the Faris Cup here?
Itaru: That doesn't matter at all! The point is, Faris is cute, and cuteness is justice. Cute cat-eared maids are sweet, if you know what I mean. And that's all that matters, right?
Rintaro: So in the end, do you bat for the 2D team, or the 3D team?
Itaru: I dare say I'm bi!
Rintaro: You're an inspiration, Daru.
Itaru: I know. I'm just too awesome.
UNSPOKEN: Daru usually doesn't show enthusiasm for anything. The exceptions are moe and Faris. I wish he were this passionate about our experiments. I had to pull Daru away from Faris so we could return to the lab. We arrive to find it hotter than a sauna in hell. I quickly open the windows, letting a small breeze blow in. It won't be enough. I flip our fan to full power and place it on the table in front of me. I really wish we had an air conditioner. I turn on the computer. This is our PC for communal use among lab members. It still uses an old CRT monitor, so it looks ancient. But don't let its looks deceive you. Our computer wiz, Daru, scrounged up some parts and made some mods to it. In any case, I don't spend much time on it. I mostly use it to update the Future Gadget Laboratory's homepage, check my email, visit news sites, and browse @channel. I wonder if the new Titor is still posting. Woah, I shouldn't waste all day on @channel. We have more important things to deal with. Namely, the PhoneWave (name subject to change). We haven't experimented with it since yesterday. It's high time I figure out what's going on with that thing. Earlier, I asked Daru to connect the PhoneWave (name subject to change) to the computer. He finished setting it up yesterday, and now he's about to do the quick wire work in the development room.
Rintaro: Hey, Daru. What's with the X68000?
UNSPOKEN: I mean, it's a 20-year-old machine with specs lower than my cellphone.
Itaru: It's cool. Duh.
Rintaro: So, it's like the reason why some protagonists are odd-eyed even though they're Japanese?
Itaru: Not getting you, bro.
Rintaro: It's cool.
Itaru: If it's cool, then it's cool. Anyway, there wasn't much of an option. This was the only PC we weren't using.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: No way. We don't know what could happen when it's connected to your crazy machine. It could kill the performance.
UNSPOKEN: Selfish bastard. Besides, we made the PhoneWave (name subject to change) together. It's our crazy machine.
Itaru: Anyway, did you do any research on the gelification?
Rintaro: Yeah, at the university this morning.
UNSPOKEN: Why would a banana gelify? What kind of science are we dealing with here?
Rintaro: I examined a sample under a microscope and found it was shredded at the molecular level.
Itaru: Shredded?
Rintaro: It's not a mere phase transition. The banana became something entirely different.
Itaru: Could it have rotted? ...Nah. There's no way 2 minutes in the microwave could do that.
Rintaro: Then I remembered about fractal structures.
Itaru: The Menger sponge thing?
Rintaro: Yeah. It looked like something drilled holes into the banana. An infinite number of holes in a fractal pattern, right down to the nano level.
Itaru: Whoa. What could do something like that?
Rintaro: I have one hypothesis...
UNSPOKEN: Adding a dramatic pause to build tension. Daru gulps, waiting for me to continue.
Rintaro: It's the result of the microwave's electromagnetic waves.
Itaru: W-what does that mean?
Rintaro: If my guess is correct, then our PhoneWave (name subject to change) has the potential to become a weapon of unprecedented destructive power, one that could change the face of war as we know it. Hehehe.
UNSPOKEN: I twist my lips into a maniacal grin. Then I whip out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. We're proceeding to stage two of the plan. Soon they will learn... that Judgment Day is near. All shall be as Steins Gate wills. Resistance is futile. El Psy Kongroo.
Itaru: Quit talking to your imaginary friend. I'm done with the wiring.
UNSPOKEN: I want to explain that he's not imaginary, but revealing the identity of my contact would be a betrayal. The last thing I need is another enemy, especially one whose power and cunning rivals that of the Organization. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is now an indecipherable mess of wires. All we did was hook it up to a computer, yet it turned out like something MacDyver would put together. Now we can access the microwave's terminal mode and see exactly what's going on in its computer brain.
Itaru: Well? What's next?
Rintaro: We have bananas.
UNSPOKEN: Just before I left MayQueen+Nyan², Mayuri asked me to buy some bananas. With her money. She's too nice for her own good. Or maybe she didn't even consider what would happen. By now, you'd think she'd know that if I buy bananas, I'm going to experiment on them. And so, I put the entire bunch of bananas into the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Itaru: You know Mayu-shi's gonna cry if you use them all, right? Wasn't it her money?
Rintaro: She donated that money to our research efforts.
Itaru: You don't have to use the whole thing. One is enough. One.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: We'll never reshape the fabric of society as long as money dictates the limits of our science.
Itaru: You're the only one who wants to reshape society, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: He lost all enthusiasm the second we got back to the lab. What a fickle man.
Itaru: C'mon, start the timer already.
UNSPOKEN: Right. Now, where did I put my phone... Phone, phone... Call complete. Instant access.
Guidance: Hello. This is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: The Mayushii Guidance system.
Guidance: You can operate the timer from this menu. After pushing the # button, please enter the heating time in seconds.
Rintaro: In hindsight, we should've made the Mayushii Guidance skippable. Having to wait each time is quite annoying.
Guidance: For example, press '#60' for one minute. For two minutes, press '#120'.
UNSPOKEN: It's finally over. Ok, entering 120#... When I finish typing, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) starts up with a low hum.
Itaru: You messed up.
UNSPOKEN: Crap, this is just normal heating. I manually set the timer back to 0 and start typing again. This time, we're going to ignore the guidance and enter 120#. Crap, I messed up. Let's start over. Ignore the guidance and enter 120#. Complete. The turntable inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change) begins to spin backwards.
Rintaro: Two minutes sure is long...
UNSPOKEN: It doesn't actually have to be two minutes. Mayuri had the timer set to two minutes when she first discovered the freezing function -- or whatever it is -- so we're just reproducing that. Naturally, we have experimented with 60 seconds and 180 seconds too. If we set it shorter, the freezing only goes halfway, if at all. Conversely, setting it longer increases the effect.
Itaru: You know, if the microwave's emissions are doing it, then shouldn't our cells be getting gelified too?
UNSPOKEN: While still looking bored, Daru finally gets into the discussion at hand.
Rintaro: Well, have you ever nuked yourself inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change)?
Itaru: I can't even fit in there. Anyway, what's your source on the electromagnetic waves?
Rintaro: If you must know... it's my mad scientist's intuition.
Itaru: Oh, so no facts.
Rintaro: Edison once said, 'Without one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent of perspiration is wasted. So, inventors of the world... be inspired!' End quote.
Itaru: Wasn't it 'Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration'?
Rintaro: Sorry to disappoint, but in recent years it's become common knowledge that that is a misquote. Muhahaha!
Itaru: Edison said that? 'Be inspired!'...?
Rintaro: Yes. 'Be inspired!' he said.
UNSPOKEN: I don't know if that was exactly what he said, but I'm sure it was something along those lines. At least, that's what the wiki said.
Rintaro: Therefore, as a genius mad scientist, I am always insp--
UNSPOKEN: The PhoneWave (name subject to change) rings.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: It feels like I wasted 120 seconds on nothing. Daru opens the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s door and peeks inside.
Itaru: What? What!?
UNSPOKEN: He rubs his eyes, blinks several times, then resumes staring into the microwave.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
Itaru: Well... uh... it's... ...gone.
Rintaro: Gone? What's gone?
Itaru: The banana.
UNSPOKEN: What is he talking about? I push Daru aside and look into the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Rintaro: ...It's gone.
UNSPOKEN: There's nothing inside. The banana has vanished without a trace. After a short pause to collect myself, I whip out my phone and speak into the silence.
Rintaro: It's me. Slight problem. We may have awakened something... terrible.
Itaru: Wh-what do you mean something terrible!?
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Daru's panicked cry. I'm surprised too. My heart's pounding. But I try to appear calm.
Rintaro: I'm invoking Emergency Order 666. Activate the Coldheart Protocol! What!? What do you mean we need congressional approval!? There's no time, you fool! Tokyo will be blasted to atoms!
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone away after yelling.
Itaru: Y-you should be an actor.
Rintaro: S-shut up, you Faris stalker! Where'd you hide the banana?
Itaru: Who's a stalker!?
Rintaro: The banana. Where is it? Are you planning on become a street magician or something?
Itaru: You're the one who hid it, aren't you?
UNSPOKEN: Uncomfortable silence. I realize my throat is dry.
Rintaro: Where the hell did it go!?
Itaru: How should I know!?
Rintaro: Where did you go? Banaana! BANAAANA!
UNSPOKEN: I take the turntable out of the microwave, scour every nook and cranny, but find neither peel nor stem of the banana.
Rintaro: W-wait... I think I get it now! It's not an electromagnetic weapon, it's a teleportation device!
Itaru: Wh-what!? Wait, that's absurd.
Rintaro: How else could it have vanished? The microwave was closed!
Itaru: Um, maybe we should just calm down.
Rintaro: Y-yeah. You're right...
UNSPOKEN: We each take a deep breath. Oh, I know. I'll eat one of the remaining bananas. That will calm me down. I reach for the bunch of bananas.
Rintaro: What... the...!?
UNSPOKEN: Impossible. Impossible! Not three minutes ago, Daru plucked a banana from the bunch and put it inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). But now, there's no sign that a banana was ever plucked. Instead, a single gelified banana has appeared among the regular bananas.
Itaru: Oh shit! What the hell's going on?
UNSPOKEN: Daru notices it too. He reaches out to touch it, but I quickly stop him.
Rintaro: Wait! How many bananas are in the lab right now!?
Itaru: J-just these, I think...
Rintaro: Is this gelbana attached to the same stem as the banana you just picked?
Itaru: I dunno, man... I wasn't paying attention. It doesn't look like it was ever plucked...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: H-hey, Daru... could this possibly be...
UNSPOKEN: The word I spoke impulsively a few seconds ago. I hesitate to speak it again. But I must. Because no matter how unbelievable it may be, we saw it with our own eyes! My head's full of question marks. I don't know how this happened. But if I were to explain it as I saw it... The banana that was inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change) returned instantly to its bunch. In other words...
Rintaro: A teleporter... we've invented a teleporter!
???: Oh?
UNSPOKEN: I hear a girl's voice coming from the lounge.
???: That looks like an interesting experiment.
Rintaro: Who's there!?
UNSPOKEN: My heart just skipped a beat. I turn towards the voice in surprise. And get pierced by a sharp stare.
Rintaro: Impossible! What are you doing here!? The 18-year-old genius girl! A sadist who humiliates men in public! Also known as The Zombie! Makise... Kurisu!
Itaru: Nice exposition, bro.
Kurisu: Who are you calling a zombie?
Rintaro: What is the meaning of this!? What is your purpose here?
Kurisu: I'm here to see you, Okabe Rintaro-san. Or is it Hououin Kyouma-san?
UNSPOKEN: Wait. How the hell does she know my real name? I've never spoken it in front of her!
Rintaro: I was right! You're one of the Organization's top agents, an esper with superhuman powers! No wonder you rose from the dead!
Kurisu: I'm not dead, alright? Please stop killing me off. Hashida-san, can you do something about this guy?
Itaru: You came at a bad time, Makise-shi, with Okarin freaking out like this.
UNSPOKEN: Daru doesn't seem phased by this girl's entrance. Why?
Rintaro: Have you betrayed me, Daru!?
Itaru: Calm down, man.
Rintaro: Are you being blackmailed? Or did she seduce you?
UNSPOKEN: I glare at Kurisu. He's my right-hand man! How dare you!?
Rintaro: YOU'VE CROSSED THE LINE, BIIITTCH!
Kurisu: Get ahold of yourself.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's eyes flash dangerously... I think. Such intensity from an 18-year-old. Maybe she didn't resurrect after her first death. Maybe she's a robotic killing machine, constructed to replace the dead Kurisu. Is that it? For now, I'll do as I'm told.
Kurisu: Hashida-san gave me the address after yesterday's lecture. He also told me your name.
UNSPOKEN: That's all? The truth is... kind of a let down.
Rintaro: So you're here to see me, is that it?
Kurisu: Yes. You claimed to have seen me die. I came to see if that was the truth, or just a pathetic excuse to grope me. I came for the answer.
UNSPOKEN: Now that she mentions it, she did treat me like I was a perv yesterday. Well... I suppose I should be grateful that she didn't call the cops on me after what I did. But what choice did I have? Anybody would react the same way if a dead person reappeared before them. Right?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Not so fast. There's more to this than you know.
UNSPOKEN: I must clear my name, or I'll be labeled as a perv forever!
Kurisu: Anyway, let's put that aside for now.
Rintaro: R-really?
UNSPOKEN: That's a relief. I was sure she was going to call the police. But that for now part bothers me. Kurisu enters the development room with a quick, confident stride. Even though she's only 18, she's got a decent figure and good posture. Not much in the chest, though! Her presence seems to fill the cramped room, driving me and Daru to the corners. Can't she tell this area's off limits!?
Kurisu: I haven't properly introduced myself yet, have I? I'm Makise Kurisu. Pleased to meet you.
UNSPOKEN: She holds out her hand. What is she trying to do? Shoot lightning from her fingertips!?
Kurisu: You can't even shake hands? Are all Japanese men this difficult?
UNSPOKEN: Shake hands? This girl genius is asking for a handshake? We only met yesterday, and just moments ago she was on the verge of calling the cops.
Rintaro: You're not Japanese!?
Kurisu: I've lived in America for seven years. What about it?
Rintaro: America...
UNSPOKEN: I look down at her slender fingers. Glossy, healthy fingernails. No unnecessary nail polish. I stare, fixated. Slowly, I extend my hand, making sure to keep enough weight on my heels so I can flee at a moment's notice. I lightly grab the tip of Kurisu's index finger between my thumb and index finger, then instantly let go.
Kurisu: What's your problem?
Rintaro: I can feel your aura of malice. You must be a powerful kung-fu master.
Kurisu: Don't be ridiculous.
Rintaro: Then you're a NINJA--
Kurisu: Give it a rest.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. She's completely cold. Her tone gets scary sometimes, too.
Rintaro: If you grew up in America, shouldn't you say 'HAHAHA! NICE TO MEET YOU!' with a smile across your whole face when asking for a handshake? No, wait, you should be asking for a hug, right?
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps that's too much to expect from a killing machine.
Kurisu: What kind of stereotype is that?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs. She's not even looking at me. Instead, she's staring at the bananas next to the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The bananas which have just exhibited a most unusual phenomenon. Of the bunch, one has been completely gelified.
Kurisu: ...Fascinating.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu brings her face closer to it to get a good look.
Kurisu: Have any forceps?
Rintaro: No!
Kurisu: Oh.
UNSPOKEN: And then, Kurisu stabs the gelatinous banana with her index finger. She buries her beautiful fingertip knuckle-deep into slimy banana.
Rintaro: What are you doing!? That's precious data!
Kurisu: It's squishy.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu extracts her finger. Pieces of gel cling to her fingertip. She puts that fingertip into her mouth without any hesitation.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: She says it with a straight face.
Rintaro: You have quite the appetite, I see. A side-effect of the resurrection, perhaps? If you're that hungry, I guess I could give you a banana or two!
Kurisu: No thanks.
Itaru: Either way, those bananas are Mayushii's.
Rintaro: Come, don't be shy. This is an offering. Take it!
Kurisu: As if. Who would eat some perv's banana?
Itaru: A perv's banana...!
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts shaking as if he's been electrocuted. What? What's wrong?
Itaru: Eat... a perv's banana... squishy... finger in mouth... 'Gross!' with a sour expression...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like his cranial pervert processor is overclocking.
Itaru: Um, can you say that one more time? With a more humiliated expression, if you please.
Kurisu: Huh?
Itaru: Come on. Say, 'Who would eat some perv's banana?' but if you could add an, 'Ahh, but it's so...' after that, it would be extra delicious!
Kurisu: Huh? ...huh? ...Ah!!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu's face turns bright red.
Rintaro: Muhaha! Oh, Daru. You may be a worthless, disgusting perv, but let me say, well done, sir!
UNSPOKEN: Payback is sweet! Now to follow up for maximum combo! Let's show this conceited little girl how true adults fight!
Rintaro: So, Makise Kurisu. You just imagined something, didn't you? By all means, tell us what. Don't be shy. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Why you...
Rintaro: Come on! Say it, genius girl! What's the imagination of a genius like? I'd love to hear from you!
Kurisu: You... ass!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns her back to us with perked shoulders. Looks like she's capable of expressing human emotion after all. That rules out robotic killing machine. Ah! I feel refreshed. I haven't felt this good in years. Way to go, Daru. That's my right-hand man! Always gets the job done.
Kurisu: I get it. You're both pervs.
Itaru: Well... you could say that.
UNSPOKEN: Don't admit it, you idiot.
Rintaro: I don't want to hear that from you.
Kurisu: Okay! If I came off as a little rude, I apologize.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply and turns back to us. Her composure has already returned.
Kurisu: I was only acting that way because you molested me, but I'll ignore that for now.
UNSPOKEN: I wish she would stop saying for now. It's like she's gonna call the cops on me later.
Kurisu: Please tell me what happened to this banana. I'd also like to hear about that...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: That microwave thing.
Rintaro: That's top secret. The one thing I'm cleared to share with unauthorized individuals is that its name is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Name subject to change? What's that about?
Rintaro: PhoneWave is weak. It needs a better name.
Kurisu: I couldn't care less about its name.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Hold on, Okarin. Makise-shi might be able to explain what's going on.
Rintaro: Hmm... well...
UNSPOKEN: She is a genius. She would have to be to defeat my sharp wit. We can trust her intellect, at least. But it's hard to stomach her attitude. Plus, she has danger written on her face. Not to mention, she's a little scary too. Then, I get a great idea.
Kurisu: That creepy grin... are you thinking perverted thoughts again?
Rintaro: You said your name's Christina, right?
Kurisu: Who the hell's Christina!? I never said that!
UNSPOKEN: 'Christina' sounds like the name of a Hollywood film star. It definitely has more flavor than her real name.
Rintaro: If you wish to learn the secrets of this microwave, then you must meet my conditions.
Kurisu: ...Which are?
Rintaro: Condition One: You must become a lab mem.
Kurisu: Ramen?
Rintaro: No! Lab mem, stupid! Short for laboratory member!
Kurisu: You mean you want me to join your research team? I'm supposed to return to America in August.
Rintaro: I'll have you sign a non-disclosure agreement so you won't betray our secrets. Break the agreement, and I'll report your steamy, perverted acts to Science Magazine.
Kurisu: Gh...
Itaru: You're a monster, Okarin. I'll take five copies.
Rintaro: From the moment you become a lab mem to the moment of your departure, your brain shall be used for the benefit of our lab.
Kurisu: You're so full of it. Let's see the contract, then.
Rintaro: What contract? This is a lab, not a corporation!
Kurisu: I don't mind lending you my knowledge, but if there is more pervy nonsense involved, the answer is NO.
Rintaro: Don't worry, we don't bite.
Kurisu: No more molestation?
Rintaro: No, alright!?
Kurisu: You said that was condition one. So there's gotta be a second one, right? It better not be--
Rintaro: The second condition is... That you'll overlook all past acts of molestation I may or may not have committed!
Itaru: Okarin, you're so petty! You're the pettiest person I've ever met! That's why we love you! That's why we admire you!
Rintaro: Shut up, Daru. You have no right to talk. By the way, Daru's perverted acts aren't included. You two can work it out yourselves.
Itaru: What the hell, man!
Rintaro: Those are the conditions! If you can't accept them, then you must leave at once! Heh heh heh. So what'll it be? I don't think it's a bad deal at all.
Kurisu: You mean for you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts her fingers to her brow and shakes her head in an exaggerated gesture.
Kurisu: Geez... I feel like I'm hypersecreting noradrenaline. Let me pick my jaw up off the floor.
Rintaro: I don't care about your dislocated jaw! Do you accept the conditions or not? Answer me, Christina!
Kurisu: Stop adding -tina! My name's Kurisu!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at the ceiling to calm herself down. Does everyone in America make such exaggerated gestures? Sooner or later, she'll say Dayumn! or Oh mah gah! or Muthafucka!.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Hehehe, good answer. From this moment forth, you are Lab Mem Number 004. Welcome, Christina -- codename, The Zombie!
Kurisu: I won't answer to either. Use my real name, Hououin.
UNSPOKEN: We spend a minute staring each other down. Kurisu's the first to look away. She does so in a way that says good grief.
Kurisu: You're such a child.
Rintaro: You say something? Genius perv girl?
Kurisu: Come on! No more saying 'perv'! I won't treat you like a perv either! So let's drop it already!
Rintaro: As long as you understand. Now for the issue at hand. Daru, give Christina--
Kurisu: No '-tina' either.
Rintaro: Give Kurisu-kun an explanation on our experiments so far.
Itaru: But I refuse.
UNSPOKEN: In the end, I'm the one who has to explain. Along the way, I also relate the tale of my heroic deeds -- which enrages Kurisu, of course -- but I finally tell her everything about the bananas and the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Kurisu doesn't ask any questions. She's quick to understand, as expected of a genius.
Kurisu: Fascinating.
Rintaro: Let's hear your opinion.
Kurisu: I think we can at least throw out completely worthless theories like electromagnetic weaponry and teleportation.
UNSPOKEN: The lady doth protest too much.
Kurisu: Can we run the experiment one more time? I want to see it for myself.
UNSPOKEN: Without waiting for our approval, Kurisu plucks an untouched banana and sticks it in the microwave, then starts entering the commands on her phone. It's strange. She's still wearing her usual frown, but I can't shake the feeling that she's really enjoying herself. I can't put my finger on why. Call it a hunch. But I mean, she is a scientist. Why shouldn't she enjoy experimenting?
Kurisu: Okabe-san, Hashida-san, please watch the bananas.
Rintaro: Who are you to give me orders? I am the mad scientist, Houou--
Kurisu: Whatever. Just keep your eye on the bananas!
UNSPOKEN: Okay, so she's a little snippy. Daru and I do as we're told and stare at the bananas. Truth be told, we were planning to watch the bananas anyway. After missing it the first time, we're determined to witness what transpired with our own eyes.
Kurisu: Sixty seconds have passed. Any change?
Itaru: Nope.
UNSPOKEN: Any second now, the gelified banana should reappear on the stem. If it only happens once, we can just call it an accident and be done with it. But if it happens twice, then that's proof that something's actually going on.  And then, Kurisu will have to admit that I, the great Hououin Kyouma, have invented humanity's first teleporter! I keep staring at the bananas in anticipation.
Kurisu: 100 seconds.
UNSPOKEN: A few moments after Kurisu's report--
Itaru: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: A gelbana suddenly appears without a sound. Now there are two of them on the bunch. It happened faster than the blink of an eye.
Itaru: It appeared!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: How does it look?
Kurisu: Huh? Oh... uh... A-at 104 seconds, it d-disappeared. Abruptly. Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: She's quite flustered. I don't think many people could remain calm after witnessing such a phenomenon.
Rintaro: So it is a teleporter! The first in human history!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly calms down. She furrows her brow and crosses her arms, tapping her right foot as she mutters to herself.
Kurisu: Teleportation... is that even possible? It did move... No matter how unbelievable that may be... Could it be quantum teleportation... no, that only occurs on the quantum level...
Rintaro: Don't avert your eyes from the truth! What you've seen with your own eyes is everything!
UNSPOKEN: She gives me a sharp look. Her eyes are like a sniper's, hard and keen.
Kurisu: Did it really teleport? It's dangerous to reason from the conclusion.
Rintaro: Well then, genius girl, what do you call this phenomenon?
Kurisu: Let's sort this out. Neither the banana bunch nor the frozen chicken teleported. Correct?
Rintaro: ...So, maybe there's a size limit for objects that can teleport.
Kurisu: But aren't those chicken pieces smaller than bananas?
Rintaro: We used the same chicken for each experiment. They come in 12-packs.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri only buys her favorite: Juicy Chicken Number One.
Itaru: That's quite a lot, then.
Kurisu: What about salt? You experimented with salt too, right?
UNSPOKEN: We used a handful of table salt on a plate for one experiment. Nothing happened.
Kurisu: Maybe the plate was in the way.
Rintaro: Of course we tried it without the plate, but that didn't change anything.
Kurisu: Then, maybe each individual grain of salt was too small... or something? Hmm... I need a clue...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like our genius girl's fighting a hard battle. She starts pacing the room, looking a little annoyed.
Kurisu: Anything else? Have you noticed anything else about the PhoneWave?
Rintaro: Not PhoneWave. PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Forget about that. So? Have you noticed anything or not?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's looking at Daru. Looks like she's asking him, not me. True, he should know more about the PhoneWave (name subject to change) than I do. He's done all the maintenance on it, after all.
Itaru: Oh, right! One time, it shot off a huge electrical discharge.
Rintaro: What!? I don't know anything about that!
Itaru: That's because you weren't around when it happened.
Kurisu: Discharge? How much?
Itaru: It was like a fluorescent light lit up the development room. It lasted about two seconds, I guess.
Kurisu: What were the circumstances?
Itaru: I was adjusting the cellphone attached to it. I unhooked it and put my own in. A little bit later, sparky sparky.
Rintaro: When was that?
Itaru: Around noon yesterday. When you went to see Doctor Nakabachi's presentation.
Kurisu: Doctor Nakabachi...
UNSPOKEN: That's right. I went to see Doctor Nakabachi's conference yesterday. Come to think of it, he stole his time travel theory from John Titor. Maybe the current John Titor is actually Nakabachi.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Yeah, but you went with Mayu-shi anyway, remember?
UNSPOKEN: ...No, I don't remember that. After all, Nakabachi's presentation wasn't canceled, the way I remember it. I still don't understand why my memories seem to disagree with everyone else's.
Rintaro: That reminds me. I sent you an email back then. Did you get it?
Itaru: An email?
Kurisu: That email you showed me at ATF yesterday?
UNSPOKEN: When I nod, Kurisu comes closer.
Kurisu: It said someone stabbed me at the presentation, didn't it?
Rintaro: Yeah. But for some reason, Daru's phone received it a week ago...
Itaru: Huh? Wasn't that one of your stories? If it wasn't, then that would make the timestamp weird.
Rintaro: I always speak the truth! If you don't trust me, I'll show you my send history.
UNSPOKEN: I whip out my phone and call up the history. But--
Rintaro: It's gone...
UNSPOKEN: Not a trace of that mail remains. According to my memory, I think it was about 30 minutes after Doctor Nakabachi's conference. About ten people including me saw Kurisu's body, panicked, and fled Radi-Kan. That's when I sent that mail. But no matter how many times I check, there's no record of it. It should be there, but it isn't. Just like the banana inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Rintaro: Where did it go? I could've sworn I sent it just before 1 PM.
Itaru: Oh yeah! That's when the discharge phenomenon happened! The show I was watching was about to end.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, a flash of inspiration strikes. Inspiration! Edison would be proud. This isn't something you can accomplish with effort. Basically, I'm a genius! I turn to Daru and Kurisu with a huge grin on my face.
Rintaro: I get it... So that's what happened.
Kurisu: Uh, what?
Itaru: Oh, this is one of Okarin's usual habits, so don't mind it. Seriously.
Rintaro: Silence! I've reached the answer, and now the world will tremble!
UNSPOKEN: I slap the top of the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Rintaro: The disappearance of my mail, the strange timestamp, and the sudden electrical discharge must be... Related somehow!
Kurisu: ...And?
Rintaro: Huh?
Kurisu: I understand that they're related somehow. But how?
Rintaro: It's your job to figure that out, Christina.
Kurisu: Hashida-san, talking to this guy's so tiring.
Itaru: Everyone's like that at first. The trick is to not take him seriously.
Rintaro: And you call yourself my right-hand man!?
UNSPOKEN: Whatever. I'll prove that I'm right. If we can reproduce the electrical discharge phenomenon, it should bring us closer to understanding the timestamp mystery.
Rintaro: Daru, describe the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s status when the discharge phenomenon occurred.
Itaru: It was kind of a mess. I'd connected my phone to the PhoneWave, and I was testing to see if I could control it with the X68000.
UNSPOKEN: I disconnect the phone plugged into the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and replace it with mine. And then I hear the door open in the lounge.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri comes in carrying a convenience store bag. Looks like she's done with work.
Mayuri: Time to eat some chicken! Juicy Chicken Number One♪ Okarin, did you buy the bananas? Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: When she enters the development room, her eyes go wide.
Mayuri: Huh? We have a guest?
UNSPOKEN: Once she notices Kurisu, Mayuri bows her head with her usual smile.
Mayuri: I'm Mayushii. Nice to meet you!
Kurisu: I'm Makise. Apparently, I'm a lab mem now.
Mayuri: Really? That's great! Another girl lab mem!
Rintaro: Daru, what were you doing with the X68000?
Itaru: Like I said, I was adjusting the incoming mail settings. I was monitoring the moment it received mail for remote control. That's why I put it on 'freezing mode' for 120 seconds too. I made it so that you can start freezing mode by computer. I tested that out yesterday too.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Insert the Juicy Chicken Number One into the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!
Mayuri: You all want some? I can give you one each.
UNSPOKEN: With her usual ditziness, Mayuri puts the chicken inside the microwave. Daru explains what everything on the computer monitor means. Doesn't look that different from using DOS. I enter 120# on the keyboard and strike the enter key. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) starts up. The Juicy Chicken Number One starts spinning backwards on the turntable. Kurisu stares hard at the PhoneWave (name subject to change), as if to not let any anomaly, no matter how slight, escape her notice.
Rintaro: So, we've reproduced the conditions that existed when the discharge phenomenon occurred. Right?
Itaru: Uhh, how was it again...
Rintaro: You there. Assistant!
Kurisu: Huh? Me?
Rintaro: Who else!?
Kurisu: When did I become your assistant!?
Rintaro: Just send something to my phone!
UNSPOKEN: If we've reproduced the conditions correctly, then if she sends something to my phone while it's connected to the PhoneWave (name subject to change), it should arrive with a timestamp from the past, not the present. But my assistant -- Kurisu -- just scowls.
Kurisu: I don't even know your email address.
Rintaro: What a useless assistant.
Kurisu: Don't call me your assistant!
Rintaro: Daru, send an email from your phone!
Itaru: Uh, sure... but what?
Rintaro: Anything!
Itaru: Uhh, umm...
Rintaro: Send 'Christina's a perv'!
Kurisu: I thought we agreed to stop saying that!
Itaru: Well, let's compromise and go with 'Okarin's a perv'.
Rintaro: You traitor!
Kurisu: Good job, Hashida-san!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins and gives Daru a thumbs up. I really don't like this.
Mayuri: Oh no! Mayushii's bananas!
UNSPOKEN: It sounds like Mayuri has found the results of our latest experiment.
Mayuri: They became gelbanas...
Kurisu: We experimented on them.
Mayuri: But they were Mayushii's...
Itaru: Want me to send the mail now?
Kurisu: You'll be reimbursed later. By Hououin-san, that is.
Rintaro: Why me!?
Mayuri: Geez! Why do you always have to experiment on Mayushii's food? Ah! Don't tell me you're experimenting on the chicken too?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: 'Kay, sending it now. Sending, sending, click.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri slips past me and steps up to the active PhoneWave (name subject to change). Before anyone can react, she grabs the handle--
Rintaro: Wait! Don't open that!
Mayuri: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: But it's too late.
Mayuri: Wawah!
UNSPOKEN: Blue-white light fills the room, crackling angrily like the heart of a storm.
Kurisu: An electrical discharge!
UNSPOKEN: A violent sparking sound. I grab Mayuri and pull her away from the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Itaru: Are we gonna die!?
UNSPOKEN: A thin cloud of smoke fills the room. It smells like something's burning. My eyes are numb from all the flashing light. I try blinking several times to regain my sight. I can hear Kurisu and Daru coughing.
Rintaro: E-everyone okay?
Itaru: S-somehow.
Kurisu: That was definitely more than two seconds.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri squeezes my upper arm with her slender fingers.
Mayuri: O-Okarin? Umm, what just happened?
UNSPOKEN: My vision gradually returns. Mayuri looks perplexed.
Rintaro: Are you okay? No burns or anything?
Mayuri: Hmm... It doesn't hurt anywhere, so I think I'm okay...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like covering Mayuri was the right choice. I may be an insane mad scientist, but I still risk life and limb for the safety of my comrades. I gently let Mayuri out of my embrace. Whew. Well, that was something. I wipe the sweat off my brow.
Kurisu: H-hey! Look at this!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu voice is strained. With my vision finally restored, I take another look around the room. And what I see strikes me speechless. The large table in the center of the room is made of thick, solid wood. It can hold about five or six people without breaking. That's why we placed the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and the X68000 on it. That table has been split in two, as if by a woodcutter's axe. The computer and other parts connected to the microwave are scattered across the floor. And the microwave itself... Has broken through the table. It's literally stuck in the floor.
Itaru: What the hell? How did that... Yeah, it's a microwave, but it's not heavy enough to make a hole in the floor...
Kurisu: This can't be caused by electrical discharge. Some other phenomenon?
UNSPOKEN: I shake off my surprise. This is no time to be standing with jaw agape, Hououin Kyouma. Seize the moment!
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA! Just as my calculations predicted!
UNSPOKEN: First, some maniacal laughter. Next, I try to take out my phone and do the usual, but unfortunately, it's still plugged into the PhoneWave (name subject to change). El Psy Kongroo. I whisper the words. Words that have no meaning. Words I use simply because they sound cool. These words have meaning because they have no meaning. After years of repeated use, just speaking them is enough to calm my heart.
Itaru: ...So, about Mayu-shi's chicken.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and looks inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). It's embedded in the floor, but she somehow manages to pry the door open.
Mayuri: Ahh! M-Mayushii's chicken is all burnt black...
UNSPOKEN: I pat Mayuri's shoulders to cheer her up.
Rintaro: Juicy Chicken Number One made a noble sacrifice for the progress of science. Let us pray for his happiness in the next life.
Kurisu: The chicken doesn't matter! Right now, we need to determine what happened with the Phonewa--
Mayuri: It doesn't matter? That's so mean, uh, Christina-chan...
Kurisu: Hey, Hououin Kyouma! Do something about this! Mayushii-san learned my name wrong!
Itaru: More importantly, we need ventilation. *cough cough*
Rintaro: Silence, all of you!
UNSPOKEN: I affix everyone with an overpowering stare. This shall be remembered as the moment that the greatest experiment of the century succeeded and brought humanity a step forward in a new direction. These guys have no right to ruin that with their foolish talk. My heart pounding, I detach my phone from the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Luckily, it's completely unharmed. I open it. It still works. I bring up the list of received emails. New emails should come at the top. However... My heart beats even faster. The topmost email isn't the one Daru sent before the discharge occurred. This impossible phenomenon is exactly what I was hoping for. I look back through my email history. And there... I find it.
Rintaro: Muhaha! Muhahaha! MUHAHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: Success. I don't know why, but it was a success! The timestamp proves it. I received this email on July 24th -- five days ago. This is the same exact thing that happened to my someone stabbed Kurisu email. A mail sent on the 29th arrived on the 24th. And just now, the truth was revealed to me in a flash of inspiration.
Rintaro: It all connects. There's a meaning behind this series of events, and only one true answer. I've discovered the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s true hidden function! This isn't intuition. That's right. This is conviction!
Kurisu: Just spit it out. What do you think it is?
UNSPOKEN: I feel my lips twist into a grin. I meet Kurisu's glare head on.
Rintaro: First, let me say one thing. The greatest inventions are created by accident. This we call serendipity.
Kurisu: Get on with it.
UNSPOKEN: How dare she ruin my speech? Oh well. Let's get to the point.
Rintaro: The mail was sent to the past. The chicken returned to its frozen state. The plucked banana returned to the bunch.
Kurisu: ...No way.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu seems to get it now. As expected of my genius assistant.
Rintaro: Yes way!
UNSPOKEN: This is the choice of Steins Gate.
Rintaro: The PhoneWave (name subject to change)... Is a time machine!
UNSPOKEN: The dawn of a new day. Actually, it's already noon. We didn't sleep at all. Sleep deprivation makes the summer sun seem all the brighter. I really don't want to go outside, but I'm fed up with the humidity inside the lab. I chug a bottle of Dr P. My stomach protests. Maybe I drank too fast. I'm exhausted. My hands are shaking slightly, and my vision is cloudy. I could pass out if I'm not careful. Maybe I should take a shower. That should stave off exhaustion, if only temporarily. This building has a basic shower room. There's no bath, but it's enough. The lab would be hell without it. Daru is at his computer, his back turned towards me. His right leg is bouncing impatiently. The room is mostly silent, save for the electric fan's humming and Daru's mouse clicks. Daru doesn't look my way, and he doesn't try to start a conversation. Neither do I. I don't have the energy. Outside is a sunny summer afternoon. But inside the air is stale and empty of life. Yesterday, that shocking experiment convinced me that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) was also a time machine. But Kurisu didn't seem willing to accept the results. She just started screaming,
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Then she took a mad dash out of the lab. It was like she couldn't get out of here fast enough. As for Mayuri, she was depressed about her chicken and bananas, so she skipped her daily costume sewing and went home. Grudges over food run deep, I guess. Which leaves the lab empty, save for Daru and me. Our enthusiasm shot through the roof when we realized that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) had tremendous hidden potential. We nearly died of excitement after successfully sending an email to the past. So we stayed up all night doing experiments to confirm whether or not the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is indeed a time machine. The results, however... We went to the supermarket and stocked up on a wide variety of items. We tossed each of them into the PhoneWave (name subject to change), but everything failed. No change. Nothing happened. After the experiment where the discharge phenomenon occurred, everything warmed up normally. No gelification. Suddenly, we couldn't get anything to happen. We still have no idea why. First, let's review the problems revealed by this last run of experiments. But that's not a fundamental solution. We'll keep an eye out from now on. But if things get dangerous, we should seriously consider relocating our experiments. To deal with the issue, we placed the microwave on the floor. We spread cushions and blankets underneath. This hides the hole in the floor, too. It's only a temporary fix, though. If we make any more holes, Mister Braun is quite capable of raising my rent. And that's to say nothing of the calamity it will cause if it falls through the floor. Anyway, we need to find the source of the mass increase. If amateurs like us even can, that is. But the first two problems pale before the third. This last problem is critical. Until we solve it, we can't even really experiment with the PhoneWave (name subject to change). No matter how many times we tried, we couldn't pin down a single condition. We spent the entire night doing trial and error. We tried over 40 different things, but not once could we reproduce the discharge phenomenon. I had the idea that opening the microwave door was the key. That theory was proven false. There might be something else I'm missing, but for now, we're at a impasse. We started off in high spirits, but grew more and more frustrated as time progressed. Which brings us to the present. Honestly, I gave up. That's why I spent the entire morning lazing about like this. Another email pops up on my phone. I've been getting way too many of these since yesterday. They're all from Shining Finger -- the woman called Kiryu Moeka. I've never used email this often before. Even Mayuri only sends me one or two a day, and she's a teenage girl. Frankly, this is starting to get on my nerves. I saw how fast Shining Finger typed. That should've been enough to tip me off that she was a mail demon. I was careless. It's too much of a pain to reply, so I ignore it. I finish off my bottle of Dr P. My stomach gurgles. I haven't eaten anything since yesterday. I'm so hungry, I don't even feel like showering. I call out to Daru, who's hammering on the keyboard.
Rintaro: Hey, wanna go to Sanbo for some beef bowl?
Itaru: Nah, too much trouble...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Yeah, but...
Rintaro: Hmph. You're such a bum.
UNSPOKEN: What is doing on the computer anyway? I'm curious, so I casually peek over his shoulder. There's an image of a futuristic-looking facility I've never seen before. Richly-colored cords crawl through a gigantic octagonal tunnel, like the interior of a spaceship from a sci-fi movie. Based on the height of the people in the picture, the tunnel looks to be more than ten meters tall. Incidentally, the people don't look Japanese.
Itaru: Haa...
UNSPOKEN: Daru sighs heartily. I don't know if the blank look in his eyes is from sleepiness, exhaustion, or if something's just wrong with him.
Itaru: The Large Hadron Collider sure is cute...
Rintaro: W-what!? What did you just say!?
UNSPOKEN: Large Hardon Colliander? Is that an incantation? No -- a secret technique!?
Itaru: Large Hadron Collider. You don't know about it?
UNSPOKEN: I grab Daru's relaxed shoulders and wring them out.
Itaru: Owowowowowow, what are you doing!?
Rintaro: Are you conscious?
Itaru: Of course, man.
Rintaro: What is this Large Hadron Collider thing?
Itaru: You know. It's what SERN uses to do their experiments. LHC for short. It's seriously moe. Recommended.
Rintaro: You're lusting for something that's not even humanoid?
Itaru: Of course not. But there's something about it that gets me excited, you know? It makes me smile, you know? Don't you feel that?
Rintaro: Come to think of it, I remember you said that you found factories and the undersides of highways irresistible or something.
Itaru: Yeah. Same thing.
Rintaro: Where does it end?
UNSPOKEN: 2D, 3D, and even inanimate objects...
Itaru: Life's too short. I don't want to limit my interests, you know?
UNSPOKEN: And yet, you'll do anything to avoid things that don't interest you. Hypocrite.
Rintaro: SERN...
UNSPOKEN: That name... I've seen it somewhere, and recently. Where was it again? Oh, of course.
Rintaro: John Titor!
Itaru: Oh yeah. That guy you mentioned earlier. He's the guy @channel's going crazy about, isn't he?
Rintaro: That one might be an impostor. I was talking about the John Titor who appeared ten years ago.
Itaru: He appeared ten years ago? The same guy?
UNSPOKEN: I had hope that Daru would remember, but no such luck.
Rintaro: Anyway, John Titor mentioned SERN.
UNSPOKEN: I don't remember all of it, but there's one thing I'm sure of.
Rintaro: Titor made a prediction. Namely, that before the year 2034, SERN will develop a time machine!
Itaru: A time machine? That's a timely topic. But that wasn't just ten years ago. This new Titor said the same thing.
Rintaro: It doesn't matter if it was ten years ago or ten seconds ago. That's not the point, Daru. This coincidence could very well be the choice of Steins Gate!
Itaru: Can we trust this Titor guy?
Rintaro: It doesn't matter if we trust him or not! Now we have something in common -- a time machine. We should investigate SERN! We've got nothing to lose!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Tell me everything you know about SERN.
Itaru: Sure thing. My SERN folder is smoking hot!
UNSPOKEN: Daru strikes his keys with renewed passion. He goes to the My Pictures folder and opens a folder literally called SERN.
Itaru: SERN is the world's largest particle physics research institution. It's popularly called the 'European Laboratory for Particle Physics', or the 'European Organization for Nuclear Research'. It's close to the border of Switzerland and France, on the outskirts of Geneva. It's famous as the birthplace of HTML, HTTP, and the World Wide Web.
Rintaro: The World Wide Web? You mean the internet?
Itaru: Bingo. That thing at the beginning of most URLs.
UNSPOKEN: SERN invented that? All I know about SERN is what I read Titor's book. I never knew they were that amazing.
Itaru: Most people aren't aware, but there's a Japanese research team working at SERN too.
Rintaro: What sort of research does SERN do?
Itaru: Particle physics, mostly. SERN can do experiments no one else can, because they have the biggest particle accelerators in the world. The Low Energy Antiproton Ring, the Proton Synchrotron Booster, the Large Electron-Positron Collider. And the big boss is the largest accelerator in the world, the LHC... Large Hadron Collider-tan.
UNSPOKEN: ...-tan? Otaku possess the ability to anthropomorphize (in moe form) just about anything in the world simply by sticking tan on the end of its name. Daru's powers encompass even particle accelerators. Daru doesn't seem to notice my shock. He just brings up the next image.
Itaru: The LHC is a 27km-long circular tunnel built underneath SERN's headquarters. Its purpose is to smash protons together in the hope of creating unknown elementary particle reactions. They started experimenting last year. Before they started, there were rumors that the experiments might create mini black holes. Oh no! Those mini black holes will swallow the earth! The universe is in danger! etc.
UNSPOKEN: Mini black holes... I'm pretty sure Titor said his time machine used mini black holes. Are the things he said about SERN true?
Rintaro: What's the possibility of that actually happening?
Itaru: 100% that it... won't. SERN officially denies it. Let's say a mini black hole was formed. The amount of energy would be so tiny that it would disappear instantly upon formation. It would be impossible for it to swallow the world.
Rintaro: But where there's smoke, there's fire.
UNSPOKEN: If I remember correctly, Titor claimed that SERN began time machine research in 2001. In 2034, they complete the time machine. Right now, it's 2010. If they actually started that research, it would have been 9 years ago. According to their official announcements, they only began experimenting in 2008. That's suspicious. Of course, that's assuming Titor's story is true. Some of Titor's predictions were on the mark, but most weren't. I'm also perplexed by how everyone around me seems to have forgotten about Titor's 2000 appearance. There's something important in Titor's tale. Or at least, I want there to be. I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I put away my phone, then turn to find Daru giving me an exasperated look.
Itaru: Just who the hell are you fighting with?
Rintaro: Daru, I know what we must do.
Itaru: Whuzzat?
Rintaro: Don't you 'whuzzat' me! You're supposed to grin like you know exactly what I'm talking about! What kind of super hacka are you!?
UNSPOKEN: I wanted him to say something like Well, why the hell not. So, what's in it for me? And then we'd continue like this, grinning slyly the whole time: Or something like that. Yup, a real cool conversation. But the real-world Daru just purses his lips.
Itaru: You always give such half-baked explanations. Try to sound intelligible before you try to sound intelligent.
UNSPOKEN: Work with me here!
Rintaro: You are a super hacka.
Itaru: Stop saying hacka. At least say hacker.
Rintaro: See where I'm going with this?
Itaru: No, not at all.
Rintaro: Hack into SERN.
UNSPOKEN: Daru stares at me in disbelief.
Itaru: ...Is that some kind of joke?
Rintaro: I know you can do it, Daru. Expose their dastardly deeds and find any hints you can about the time machine.
Itaru: Dastardly deeds? You're just imagining that stuff, Okarin.
Rintaro: We stand at a crossroads. Will the PhoneWave (name subject to change) become a functional time machine, or will it die as garbage in lab storage?
Itaru: You serious?
Rintaro: I'm always serious!
UNSPOKEN: I look Daru straight in the eye as I answer. Looks like that made him understand my position. Daru sweeps the garbage off his desk and sits up straight.
Itaru: I'm not responsible for the consequences, got it?
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Daru is bursting with energy. It's like his earlier lethargy was a lie.
Rintaro: Deal. Get started.
Itaru: Let's do this!
Rintaro: For your payment, I'll deposit a week's supply of potato chips into your Swiss bank account.
UNSPOKEN: Daru doesn't respond. He's already deep in concentration.
Rintaro: Anyway, I'm gonna sleep. It's all yours.
UNSPOKEN: I lie down on the sofa and let the clacking of Daru's keyboard lull me to sleep. I wake up to the twilight sun streaming in through the window. A refreshing breeze blows in, softly brushing my cheek. Daru's exactly where I left him before I fell asleep. He's sitting in exactly the same position. Not much has changed besides his typing speed. Oh, and now he's muttering to himself. I guess he hasn't had any success at hacking yet. I look around the room, but I can't find Mayuri. Maybe she's not coming today. I guess food-related grudges really do run deep. I stand up and stretch. I don't want to bother Daru, so I don't say anything to him. I take a cold Dr P out of the fridge and quench my thirst. Then I throw myself back down onto the sofa and start browsing @channel on my phone. And what perfect timing! Titor is currently posting in the thread.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I'm immersed in a heated internet argument when an unfamiliar voice interrupts me. The door opens, and a girl peeks inside. I recognize her. It's the girl I met yesterday at the Braun Tube Workshop.
Girl: Hi! I'm from the Braun Tube Workshop.
UNSPOKEN: When our eyes meet, she smiles.
Girl: The TV you sent in for repairs has been fixed. Mind picking it up?
UNSPOKEN: Daru's typing gets even faster. Looks like he's in the zone. It would be a bad idea to disturb him with our voices. I nod to the girl and hurry outside.
Girl: Why do we have to be sneaky?
UNSPOKEN: Umm, what was this girl's name again? I think it was something like Aruma or Amore. ...Oh right, Amane. Amane Suzuha.
Rintaro: Currently, my genius partner in crime is executing an important mission. I don't want to bother him.
Suzuha: Hmmm. What exactly do you guys do?
Rintaro: I told you before that learning our secrets could put you and everyone you know in grave danger.
Suzuha: You're called the Future Gadget Laboratory, right?
Rintaro: How did you know that!? I never told you. Wait, are you an Organization spy!?
UNSPOKEN: I raise my guard and spring into praying mantis stance. But Suzuha just stares blankly.
Suzuha: That's what it said on your mailbox.
Rintaro: ...Oh.
UNSPOKEN: I lower my guard. Why didn't she just say so?
Rintaro: N-now that you know, it's not like you can un-know. I'll give you the short explanation. But you must not tell a soul.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha nods firmly. Is it just me, or are her eyes gleaming?
Rintaro: We are the Future Gadget Laboratory, dedicated to defeating the evil organization that rules the world from the shadows. Muhahaha!
Suzuha: Wow... Is the evil organization SERN?
Rintaro: ...!? Y-yeah, but...
Suzuha: Oh! So I was right? Those guys really are a contemptible lot, aren't they?
UNSPOKEN: She nods to herself for some reason. And contemptible? I thought I was the only one who uses words like that in normal conversation.
Rintaro: How did you know we were hacking into SERN!?
Suzuha: What? You're hacking them? Right now?
UNSPOKEN: Me and my big mouth.
Rintaro: Just answer my question! How did you know about our business with SERN!?
Suzuha: Ah, umm, well... Weeell, ahahah, actually, I overheard you this afternoon. If you stand here, you can hear stuff from the window.
UNSPOKEN: The window... Come to think of it, it was open, and Daru and I were talking loudly. But can you really hear us from here? I look up to the second floor. The window's still fully open, but I can't hear a thing. I guess Daru's working quietly. I look down. There's an unfamiliar bicycle parked in front of the Braun Tube Workshop. One of those mountain bikes. Its frame is all sparkly, its tires mostly clean. It's probably new. It looks pretty fast, but whose is it?
Suzuha: I've only been working here for a day, but...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: I've got a lot more free time than I expected. I've gone out four or five times today. Figured I'd reconnoiter the front of the store, see if I couldn't spot any customers.
UNSPOKEN: Reconnoiter? Now there's a word you don't hear in casual conversation. I'm pretty sure it means to perform reconnaissance, to scout an area and gather intelligence. Is she some kind of secret agent!? I follow Suzuha into the store.
Suzuha: So that's when I heard you guys talking from the second floor. I got interested and looked it up online. Now I know all the rumors about SERN.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. We were careless. Looks like we need to close that window when we discuss sensitive matters from now on. But if we do that, the lab will turn into a scorching hell. Damned if I do, damned if I don't.
Rintaro: ...A-anyway, you must not tell anyone else.
UNSPOKEN: Or else men in black will raid us.
Suzuha: Ah, yeah. I understand. I'm actually tight lipped, so don't worry.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha grins and thumps her chest confidently. All is quiet inside the Braun Tube Workshop. That gigantic TV isn't on. Mister Braun's not here either.
Rintaro: Where's the manager?
Suzuha: He left right after he finished repairing your TV.
UNSPOKEN: He probably went to see the chipmunk. He disappears during business hours every now and then. Whenever I ask him where he's going, he always says something like I'm picking my beloved daughter up from school or My beloved daughter has a cold with a huge grin on his face. He dotes on her too much. It probably just annoys her. Anyway, just how irresponsible can you be to neglect work to see your daughter? He used to put a Back Soon sign on the door whenever he left, but now he has Suzuha to take care of things while he's gone.
Suzuha: Sooo, here's the fixed TV.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha lightly taps the TV on the counter.
Suzuha: He said to charge 1000 yen.
UNSPOKEN: Damn manager. I bet he gave it to us just so he could charge repair fees. I reluctantly take a bill out of my wallet and hand it to Suzuha. She takes out a receipt. Apparently, it was already written out.
Suzuha: Thanks for your patronage. Well, just take it away.
Rintaro: By myself? Are you joking?
Suzuha: Huh? Didn't you bring it here by yourself?
UNSPOKEN: Don't you know it takes ten times more effort to go up stairs than down? Defying gravity is no easy task, woman!
Suzuha: I guess I can help, but... oh, I see. So we're already in the age where women do physical labor.
UNSPOKEN: She mutters, her tone pensive. Tch. How sarcastic of her.
Rintaro: Hmph. I don't remember anyone asking for your help. Honestly, getting help from a girl like you would just hurt my pride.
Suzuha: Wow!
UNSPOKEN: Applause.
Suzuha: That was so manly! I might be falling for you.
Rintaro: Hmph, you think you can trick me like that? You're lying, aren't you?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: It's one of my powers... Coloring Gentleman.
UNSPOKEN: This power allows me to see through lies. Liars appear to glow red. Then they die.
Suzuha: Y-you have powers?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's eyes pop, but then she clears her throat as if to hide her surprise.
Suzuha: Are you some kind of esper?
UNSPOKEN: When I nod, she whispers into my ear.
Suzuha: Are there a lot of espers like you?
Rintaro: Of course not. I am special!
UNSPOKEN: I thrust my chest out as far as possible to display my majesty.
Suzuha: Oh... You had me scared for a second there. But still, it's amazing that people like you exist. Maybe SERN is the reason there aren't more where I came from...
UNSPOKEN: After muttering some nonsense to herself, she finally nods in understanding.
Suzuha: By the way, does the ability to see through lies have any combat application at all? If it were me, I'd want perfect accuracy within a thousand meters, or ultra-fast reflexes that let me tear my enemy's limbs off before they can react.
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is she talking about? Is she a survival game otaku? No, wait. Don't tell me!
Rintaro: You... you're an Organization assassin, aren't you? You must be the one they call Miss Golgo! Who hired you!?
Suzuha: Nobody hired me. What's a Golgo?
UNSPOKEN: She's trying to gloss things over with an insincere smile. Her confusion is suspicious. That reminds me. I think I remember her saying some awfully disturbing things when we first met yesterday.
Suzuha: Anyway, do you have any other powers?
Rintaro: Even if I did, there's no way I'd tell a hitman hired to kill me.
Suzuha: I'm not going to kill you.
Rintaro: Revealing my powers would be suicide. They are most effective with the element of surprise. In other words, they're for me to know and you to find out!
Suzuha: Meanie.
Rintaro: Say what you like.
UNSPOKEN: Burning tension runs between us. Our eyes meet. Invisible sparks scatter. And then an email arrives to break the stalemate. I turn my attention away from Suzuha. This ringtone is starting to piss me off. It's most likely from that mail demon Shining Finger. I can tell without even checking. Tch, this is getting ridiculous. She's got some stalker qualities, and maybe split personalities. I shouldn't have given her my address. I look at Suzuha and see her lying on the counter. She's playing with something in the palm of her hand. It looks like a small metal pin. Anyway, how can she be this lazy on her second day? I love CRTs was a lie too, wasn't it?
Suzuha: Why the frown? Did you get a death notice?
Rintaro: A what?
Suzuha: ...J-just wondering.
UNSPOKEN: She was just wondering if I got a death notice? How can she say that with a straight face? And what the hell is a death notice anyway? Do those even exist?
Suzuha: Umm, what I meant to ask was if you got some unpleasant news.
Rintaro: ...You could say that.
UNSPOKEN: This girl is hard to get a handle on. I really shouldn't let my guard down around her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha leaps up as soon as I speak.
Suzuha: An IBN 5100?
Rintaro: You know about them?
Suzuha: Yeah...
Rintaro: I see. So the IBN 5100 legend is famous, huh.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe that retro PC's more popular with female otaku than I thought.
Suzuha: Y-yeah, that's it. I heard the urban legend from someone. How much do you know about it?
Rintaro: I actually tried looking for an IBN 5100, but in the end, I came to the conclusion that there isn't one in Akiba.
Suzuha: ...I see. Well, that's true.
Rintaro: You sound like you know something.
Suzuha: Eh? Well, I do and I don't, I guess. I don't know about it personally, but I happened to hear about it from a knowledgeable acquaintance of mine or something like that. Aha, ahaha.
UNSPOKEN: Another insincere smile. I'm starting to think she's not a very good liar. You can tell she's lying whenever she smiles like that. Sure enough, she doesn't offer any other information. She just keeps that insincere smile plastered on her face.
Rintaro: Who are you?
Suzuha: Haaahh...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha falls back down onto the counter with a deep sigh. She looks up at me from that position.
Suzuha: I was thinking of giving you a bunch of interesting information on the IBN 5100... But when you look at me like that, I don't feel like it anymore.
Rintaro: I'm not even interested in the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: I'm more concerned with SERN right now. Solving one of Akiba's mysteries won't topple the Organization's regime, after all.
Rintaro: You don't have a shred of credibility. I have no way of knowing if that 'interesting information' of yours is true or not.
Suzuha: Wow, that's harsh! Well, I admit I am acting kinda suspicious. I won't tell you, but I'll give you a hint. And then you'll writhe in agony when you can't figure it out! Truth is, the IBN 5100 has a hidden function.
UNSPOKEN: A hidden function... That reminds me. I'm pretty sure the John Titor from 2000 said something like that. I search through my memories.
Rintaro: If I remember correctly, the IBN 5100 can do something or other with a proprietary programming language.
Suzuha: No way! How did you know!? Tell me, tell me!
UNSPOKEN: I only vaguely remembered, but it looks like I hit the mark. I grin.
Rintaro: It's another one of my powers -- Leading Question. I can read your heart of hearts.
Suzuha: What!? No fair!
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Suzuha covers her face with both her hands. She opens her fingers just enough to peek at me. That's not enough to escape my power. 
Rintaro: I see everything, Amane Suzuha! Resistance is futile.
Suzuha: Kuh! Anyway, the IBN 5100 has a hidden function! It can decipher IBN's proprietary programming language, which was written before APL and BASIC became widespread. Isn't that surprising?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Now it's a dead programming language that can only be deciphered with an IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: The reason Titor traveled to 1975 to obtain an IBN 5100 was because he needed that function. Maybe Moeka wants to use it too. Or maybe not. Shining Finger doesn't seem like the type who'd know about that sort of function.
Suzuha: That's why IBN 5100s are so rare.
UNSPOKEN: While talking, Suzuha keeps dropping her glance to the metal pin in her hand. She rolls it around with her fingers. I guess that's a habit of hers. So IBN 5100s are super rare? Maybe if I get one, I could sell it for a high price. That could be a good way to raise research funds. But first, I have to deal with SERN. Twenty hours have passed since Daru started hacking. Night gives way to a refreshing summer morning. I glance at Daru while browsing @channel on my phone. He's fidgeting even more. Now his legs are like pistons. His knees move up and down in harmony with the rattatattat of his keyboard. Daru hasn't slept in about 40 hours, but he still won't get off the computer. I was going to ask him if he'd like a break, but his entire body is exuding an aura that says Don't talk to me. I curl up a bit and return to my phone. My discussions with John Titor just aren't making sense. Not even Titor himself seems to know about the Titor from ten years ago. It's hard to imagine that everyone on @channel is conspiring against me. But how else can I explain it? Out of options, I decide to email Titor directly, just as he told me to. He audaciously exposed his own address on @channel. I guess that's his way of saying Bring it on! In my email, I question the differences between his posts now and his posts ten years ago. The current Titor hasn't even acknowledged the latter. I only vaguely remember them, but they basically went like this: - In 2015, World War III breaks out. Many people die. - By 2036, the world is a nuclear wasteland. - John Titor travels to 1975 to obtain an IBN 5100. The IBN 5100 was necessary to revive technology lost in World War III. - The IBN 5100 has a hidden function: the ability to read IBN's proprietary computer language which predates APL and BASIC. - But only certain IBN engineers are aware of that function, so it does not appear in the manual. - In 1998, Titor meets his younger self and his parents in America. - John Titor was a soldier who volunteered for this mission. - John Titor is an American. Furthermore, in 2000, Titor correctly predicted the outcomes of some future events. The Peruvian coast earthquake in 2001, the election of a new pope, the outbreak of the Iraq War, China's advances in space, and so forth. Though he only talked vaguely about each one, they all came true. On the other hand, other predictions went unfulfilled. For example, the Y2K bug, civil war in America, the cancellation of the Beijing Olympics, the inauguration of America's first female president in 2009, and so forth. There's more, but let's leave those aside for now. I'm going to ask him why those predictions didn't come true. Alright, let's send it now. If he can't answer to my satisfaction, then the current Titor is an impostor. This is your litmus test, John Titor. Heh heh heh. So, what are your true colors?
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Good morning!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri comes in. Looks like she's forgiven us for experimenting on her food. She's back to her usual smiley self.
Rintaro: What are you doing here so early?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Excellent. Good job.
UNSPOKEN: Though, to be accurate, it wasn't two nights in a row. I took an afternoon nap yesterday. Mayuri starts fishing through her convenience store bag. And then she takes out...
Mayuri: Tada! Canned oden!
UNSPOKEN: The canned oden is still warm when she gives it to me. I open the lid right away and eat the beef. Mayuri and I have been together for a long time, so she knows what I like. And when it comes to canned oden, beef is where it's at.
Mayuri: It's a present from Mayushii. They're 270 yen each, so savor it, okay?
Rintaro: I've been getting tired of eating bananas and chicken lately. Buy these instead from now on.
Mayuri: But Mayushii doesn't have enough pocket money to splurge like this all the time. And Mayushii loves bananas and chicken, so she'll keep buying them.
UNSPOKEN: Mmgh. I consider saying You'll get fat if you only eat frozen foods, but that threat's not very effective against Mayuri, so I hold my tongue. Her high metabolism prevents her from getting fat, no matter how much she eats.
Mayuri: But wait, there's more. Tada♪
UNSPOKEN: Next, she produces a small box with a RaiNet illustration.
Mayuri: RaiNet sausage! It comes with an Upa bottle cap as a bonus! I really wanted it, so I bought it.
UNSPOKEN: She sticks out her tongue with a shy giggle. Something tells me that in a few months' time, this lab will be neck-deep in Upa goods. There are only a few things right now, like the cushion on the sofa, but that number is sure to grow exponentially.
Mayuri: So how's Daru-kun?
Rintaro: He's in the midst of a hard fight. He should at least rest a little. I mean, I never said he had to do it all at once.
Mayuri: Daru-kun's super hacka spirit is on fire!
Itaru: Don't say hacka!
UNSPOKEN: An empty diet cola bottle comes whistling through the air. It hits my head with a nice thunk.
Mayuri: He sure is tense...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and I evacuate to a corner of the lounge and quietly eat the oden.
Mayuri: But, isn't hacking bad? Mayushii doesn't want you to do bad things...
Rintaro: I would be a fool to let Daru's super hacka... I mean, hacker skills go to waste.
UNSPOKEN: Incidentally, it looks like hackers hijacked SERN's system back in 2008. We found news articles about it online. That means even the inventors of the world wide web have holes in their security. With his skills, Daru should have no trouble getting through.
Rintaro: Besides, we're doing this to expose SERN's wrongdoings. This is a war against the dark forces that secretly rule the world!
Mayuri: Bad things are bad.
UNSPOKEN: Mm? That's unusual. Mayuri usually just accepts whatever I say. Well, I admit it. We are doing a bad thing. But there's no way we can stop now. I need to change the subject.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Ehh? If you want to trade, I'd rather have your quail egg.
Rintaro: Don't be ridiculous! Next to beef, quail eggs are my favorite.
Mayuri: But Mayushii likes quail eggs too.
Rintaro: Settle for my chikuwa.
Mayuri: Mm... okay. Chikuwa's better than sweet potatoes.
UNSPOKEN: With that said, I skewer the chikuwa and put it in Mayuri's can. And I get her beef in return. Subject change complete. Mayuri really eats up conversations about food. It's so easy to manipulate her. Muhahaha!
Itaru: Soon... If I can just get the SQL table, I'll have more than enough passwords... geheheh... you're no match for me...
UNSPOKEN: Daru has started talking to himself. Looks like things are falling into place. Daru really is a super hacka. I think this is the first time I've seen him serious. Daru bends himself forward, staring holes into the screen. But all I see on the screen is the same string of numbers and letters...
Itaru: Oho! Comeoncomeoncomeon, mmyes, mmyes, hooah! You can't hide from me, you naughty thing you! How does it feel to be naked? Hyahaaa! Hahaha!
UNSPOKEN: His eyes are bloodshot, and he's started rambling. Maybe the lack of sleep is getting to him. Daru opens up a new window, types in a 12 character string, and slams the enter key. An error sound rings. He quickly deletes the string and enters in a new one. He keeps repeating that sequence, until finally...
Itaru: Oh yes! YESSSSSSS! Matching ID and password! Login complete, hell yeah! Taste it! YESYESYES!
UNSPOKEN: W-what enthusiasm...
Rintaro: Did you get it!?
UNSPOKEN: The smug bastard turns around with an expression of immense satisfaction. As if he's gone into la petite mort.
Itaru: Mission complete.
Rintaro: Really!?
Mayuri: Wow, that's amazing! I don't really get it, though.
UNSPOKEN: After 20 hours of agony, it's finally over. To show Daru my appreciation, I toss him an unopened oden can.
Itaru: An oden can's the best after a job well done.
Rintaro: Well done! You really are the world's greatest super hacka!
Itaru: Hacker.
Rintaro: H-hacker! I'm glad you're on my side. So, did you find out how they're planning to destroy the world?
Itaru: I haven't looked yet, man. All I did was get us connected. But it's all downhill from here.
Rintaro: I'm sorry if you're tired, but please start checking. The keys to this conspiracy have got to be in there.
Itaru: Yeah, yeah, I'll do it. But let me eat this oden can first.
UNSPOKEN: After a short meal break, Daru taps on his keyboard more nimbly than before.
Itaru: The question is who this password belongs to.
Mayuri: Why is that?
Itaru: I went into SERN's database and got a data table. From there, I focused on people with simple passwords like 11111111 and ABCDEFGH to get my hands on an ID. It'd be awesome if this turns out to be the server admin's logon, but I don't think we're that lucky.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Same.
Itaru: Basically, if this is the server admin's password, we can taste every inch of SERN's luscious, luscious flesh. But if it's just an ordinary researcher's password, then we can only see SERN's boobs.
Mayuri: Daru-kun, that's naughty!
Rintaro: Quit the erotic examples. Basically, you mean there'll be limits to what information we can access.
Itaru: Exactly. Anyway, it's only a matter of time before I get a server admin's password. Let's save that for later. I'm really sleepy now.
UNSPOKEN: It would be cruel to push Daru any further. It's unfortunate, but overworking him isn't an option. Let's let him rest so he can regain his energy.
Itaru: Oh! Looks like our ID belongs to an accelerator division chief.
Rintaro: So it's not a server admin...
Itaru: It would take a miracle to get one on our first try. How many staff members do you think SERN has?
Mayuri: How many?
Itaru: Over 6000.
UNSPOKEN: That many?
Itaru: Well, for now, let's look at this accelerator division chief. Uh, his name is... Jack. Let's look at his email log.
UNSPOKEN: And of course, the emails come up in English.
Mayuri: Oh no... that makes Mayushii's head hurt...
UNSPOKEN: Hmph. It's pathetic to flinch at the mere sight of English.
Rintaro: Daru, what does that say?
Itaru: Need to translate it...
Rintaro: This is a job for Dr. Excite!
Itaru: Nah. I've got a better idea.
UNSPOKEN: Daru boots up translation software and auto-translates the open page. Poor, unnatural Japanese shows up. The first line says HAPPY NEW YEAR.
Itaru: Looks like a new year's greeting. Something about going on vacation in Spain... lucky bastard.
UNSPOKEN: That email's normal. Nothing out of the ordinary.
Itaru: If we keep scouring the log like this, we can also identify the server manager.
Mayuri: You know, looking through someone else's email without permission makes me feel really guilty...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri gets depressed and moves away from the computer. She sits on the sofa and hugs her giant Upa cushion with a sigh. I know we're doing something socially unacceptable. However...
Rintaro: I abandoned guilt when I chose the path of Evil long ago! Muhahaha! Let the responsibility be mine. I will not ask you to answer for my crimes.
Itaru: What a guy! I'd let Okarin do me in the butt.
Rintaro: I decline your offer. Now get peeking, Daru!
Mayuri: Okarin, you're bad... You make Mayushii sad.
UNSPOKEN: That's of no concern to me. You just sit there and pretend your hands are clean. Upon further examination, we discover several emails with the title Experiment report. In English, naturally. Looks like he sends emails like these almost daily.
Rintaro: LHC experiment reports? There could be a hint about time machines in there. We should try reading them.
Itaru: This is definitely a crime, though...
UNSPOKEN: That's what his lips say, but his hand still clicks on the email. What comes up is an unintelligible series of symbols.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Tch, of course it isn't that simple...
Itaru: Well, cracking this should be a piece of cake.
UNSPOKEN: Nice, super hacka. He's a genius, no doubt. Daru undoes the security in less than ten minutes. The real timesink is deciphering the crappy machine translation.
Itaru: Umm, translated into proper Japanese, it's... 'Hi, Pole!'
Rintaro: That acting's completely unnecessary.
Itaru: Aw... 'Uploaded today's data to the server. The LHC is performing admirably. Can't say the same about the rest, though.' 'This baby's fickle as a cat, but it was surprisingly obedient this month. It would be great if it stayed like this forever.' 'But don't you think this work is unrewarding? This kitten -- this 27-kilometer long kitten, HAHAHAHA -- has been in operation for nine years.' 'Our research will change the course of history, yet only a small group of people are allowed to see it.' 'Of course, if it were ever officially released, it would be one hell of a scandal.' 'People would probably say something like, 'Call Robert Zemeckiff to SERN right away. He could build it in less than a year.''
Rintaro: ...Nine years?
UNSPOKEN: Daru finishes reading. I rub my temples with my thumbs. Calm down. Let's sort things out.
Rintaro: Do you think there were any translation errors in that email?
UNSPOKEN: Did Daru notice something unnatural too? He's not joking like he usually does.
Itaru: If you trust the translation software, then that's what it says. The Japanese is strange in places, though.
Rintaro: But that doesn't make sense. I thought the LHC was only put into operation around spring last year. But this email makes it sound like it's been in operation for nine years.
Itaru: That is strange.
UNSPOKEN: The email's send date is this year, 2010. So nine years ago makes it 2001. John Titor posted this on @channel yesterday: The only other thing I can say is that you must not believe their lies. They have already succeeded at creating micro black holes. I gulp. If you read between the lines of this email... it sounds like they're doing some sort of secret experiment. Also, Robert Zemeckiff is a super-famous Hollywood movie director. He directed a trilogy of smash-hit time travel movies about twenty years ago. I groan. No way... was I right? SERN's hiding a major secret from the world? And it's related to time travel?
Rintaro: Keep looking, Daru. Search for anything related to time machine research.
Itaru: Seriously?
UNSPOKEN: I don't know if Daru is questioning my order or the possibility that SERN might be researching time travel. Either way, he begins tapping on the keyboard again.
Itaru: Hmm, there aren't any emails with the phrase 'time machine' in them... But the phrase 'Z Program' was used hundreds of times in the past few months. Do you think it could be about the current LHC experiments?
Rintaro: What is it specifically? Black hole formation experiments?
Itaru: Hmmm, let's try looking for a document... ah, found one.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Oho! Looks like this is top secret stuff from France, England, and Holland.
Rintaro: ...Government secrets?
Itaru: SERN's not even a government organization, so why? Wait, should we be looking at this stuff? We might be in a little deep here.
Rintaro: I don't care. Get me details.
Itaru: Hold on. If we get caught, we're not getting off with an apology.
Rintaro: Are you so incompetent as to let yourself be traced?
Itaru: ...I took the necessary precautions.
Rintaro: Then I fail to see the problem.
Itaru: Well, thanks.
UNSPOKEN: Daru makes a slightly awkward face as he takes the file about the Z Program and feeds it into the translation software.
Itaru: Hmm... 'May 14th, 137th Z Program Experiment Report'... 'Because we have already succeeded at creating mini black holes, the report is omitted. First--'
Rintaro: Stop! Stooopp!
UNSPOKEN: All of a sudden, Titor's prediction became a reality!
Rintaro: So SERN did use the LHC to generate mini black holes!
Itaru: But they announced that their experiments still haven't succeeded, so why...
UNSPOKEN: This is what Titor was referring to when he posted don't believe what they say.
Itaru: But the goal of the experiment wasn't even to generate mini black holes. It was to create new elementary particle reactions...
UNSPOKEN: Daru doesn't take his wide eyes off the monitor.
Rintaro: But in reality, they're already generating those mini black holes.
Itaru: Sure does seem like it.
Rintaro: What does it say next?
Itaru: Umm... 'Results: Error. Human is dead, mismatch. For details, consult Jellyman's Report No. 14.' 'We propose that further experiments be halted until the lifter is perfected and all local field conformity points are online.'
Rintaro: Wh-what does that mean?
Itaru: 'Human is dead' means somebody died, right?
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: Somebody died? Seriously? I groan. This isn't a joke anymore. Something very serious is going on here. Maybe we are in too deep. Hmph. And what if we are? I'm not afraid. I'm not! After all, I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma! We can't stop now. I can't control my curiosity. Besides, now that I have proof of their evil deeds, ignoring it would just leave a bad taste in my mouth. My throat's gone dry. I swallow my saliva. In an attempt to keep whatever composure I can, I scold myself for being so faint of heart.
Rintaro: What is this Jellyman's Report?
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts typing once I ask my question, but he soon clicks his tongue.
Itaru: I can't find it in Jack's email. We'll need an account with more privileges.
Rintaro: Then we'll save that for next time. Search for something related to time machines.
Itaru: You know we're not going to find anything, right?
UNSPOKEN: After that, Daru spends about 15 minutes fishing through the accelerator division chief's email. But he doesn't find anything about time machines.
Itaru: Words like 'accelerator technical committee,' and 'LHC project lead' came up, so I guess we should look for an ID from there. Maybe then we can get more information.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru shakes his head.
Rintaro: Well, I guess let's call it a day.
Itaru: By the way, what we just saw was SERN's biggest server, but I also found a strange database on the network.
Rintaro: Strange how?
Itaru: It was buggy.
Rintaro: Buggy?
Itaru: I mean, it was full of some kind of code... But the code was gibberish. Utterly impossible to decode, thank you very much.
Rintaro: Could it be encrypted?
Itaru: Not by any algorithm I've ever seen. It wouldn't even work as a program. It just bothers me. Why would they have a database that nobody could ever use?
Rintaro: That is strange.
Itaru: I'll see what I can find out.
UNSPOKEN: Daru tries every trick in the book to crack that mystery database. But after about an hour, the pistons he has for fingers begin speeding up. Eventually, he just slams the keyboard out of frustration.
Itaru: Agh! I don't get it! I don't get it at all! You call this a program, dumbass!? Go to hell!
UNSPOKEN: Oh great, he snapped...
Mayuri: I think you should stop...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puts down her sewing tools and turns to Daru with a worried look on her face.
Itaru: My head is spinning... I can't take it any more... fweh, fweheh...
UNSPOKEN: This is bad. Daru's breaking down. Maybe I'm pushing him too far. He's been up two days straight. He's probably at his limit.
Rintaro: Good work. Go rest, Daru.
Itaru: Yeah... I'll do that. Anyway, even if it isn't a bug, but an actual program, only the guys who made it could understand it. I've never seen anything like it...
UNSPOKEN: A program unlike anything he's seen... hmm. At that moment, music bursts from my pocket. I've got mail.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: It's from John Titor. Did he reply to the email I sent him earlier? I gulp. A flash runs through my head like an electric shock. There's quite a bit of text, but what catches my eye are the first several lines.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... of course. Everything is falling into place.
Mayuri: Whatcha talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks at me curiously, but I don't have time to answer her. I'm frantically assembling the pieces in my mind.
Rintaro: John Titor... SERN... the time machine...
UNSPOKEN: These things are all connected. And now, I have another piece of the puzzle. I shiver at my own brilliance.
Rintaro: Daru, I think I know how we can read that program.
Itaru: Seriously? How?
UNSPOKEN: I aim my phone's camera at the screen displaying the supposedly bugged data and take a picture. I attach it to a message -- Does this code look familiar? -- and send it to Titor. A mysterious database inside SERN. A program unlike anything Super Hacka Daru has ever seen. Its true form is...
Rintaro: If my hunch is correct, John Titor should know!
Itaru: What? There's no way!
Rintaro: Say what you like. We'll know soon enough.
UNSPOKEN: We wait for Titor's reply. Though it's only been a few minutes, it feels like an eternity to me.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I quickly open the mail. And its contents are enough to raise goosebumps on my entire body.
Rintaro: Heh, heh heh heh... Just as I suspected.
Itaru: Huh?
Rintaro: I was right, Daru. I know where that data comes from.
Itaru: An IBN 5100!
UNSPOKEN: That retro PC has a certain special function. In fact, for more than 25 years after it went to market in 1975, nobody knew of it save a few IBN engineers. That function was first brought to light by the John Titor who appeared in 2000. A while after Titor posted about it, an actual IBN engineer admitted to the hidden function's existence. Which reminds me, I talked to Suzuha about this only yesterday.
Suzuha: It can also decipher IBN's proprietary programming language, which was written before APL and BASIC became widespread. Isn't that surprising? Now it's a dead programming language only decipherable with an IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: What an incredible coincidence. A prime example of synchronicity at work. It's almost like an almighty will is pulling the strings.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. No... NO, I SAY! This discovery of ours was inevitable from the start! For this is the choice of Steins Gate!!
Itaru: Wait, so SERN has an IBN 5100 database? Those machines aren't compatible with any modern software. Why would they do something like that?
Rintaro: Answer me this. What is the best way to secure a machine against external cracking?
Itaru: Well, make it standalone, of course.
UNSPOKEN: Daru quickly catches onto the intent of my question.
Itaru: If only IBN 5100s can read it, then I guess that's kind of standalone...
Rintaro: Which means that SERN's keeping their most important secrets hidden there!
Itaru: How do you know about that hidden function anyway?
Rintaro: It is recorded in my brain's extensive Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
UNSPOKEN: Titor said it himself ten years ago. But Daru wouldn't believe me even if I told him the truth.
Itaru: Very original.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Daru's retort.
Rintaro: Mayuri! We have important matters to discuss. Assemble!
Mayuri: Hm? I can hear you fine from here.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's sewing. She doesn't get off the sofa.
Rintaro: It doesn't matter whether you can hear or not! This meeting concerns the fate of the Future Gadget Laboratory -- nay, the fate of mankind! So I want it to feel more secretive, like we're scheming or something!
UNSPOKEN: It's important that we stare closely at the monitor and exchange dramatic lines. The atmosphere right now is too... light. It's all Mayuri's fault.
Mayuri: Mayushii won't participate in your evil schemes.
UNSPOKEN: Well, I can't have everything my way.
Rintaro: Listen, you two! Henceforth, the Future Gadget Laboratory shall begin emergency top secret operations! This shall be the first stage in our war against the dark powers that manipulate the world from the shadows! Our enemy is SERN, a scientific institute engaged in the most evil research imaginable!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Crap, I guess I am being too loud. That kind of ruins the whole secret feeling. And the window's open, too. If Suzuha is down below, I'm sure she can hear everything. So I turn it down a notch.
Rintaro: Understand? The world has no need for two mad scientists. Before they can get ahead of us, we must outwit them!
Itaru: Who are they?
Rintaro: You know... them.
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii doesn't get it at all...
Rintaro: Basically, we must obtain the phantom retro PC... the IBN 5100, said to be located somewhere in Akiba.
UNSPOKEN: I make a magnificent declaration, but Daru just rubs his eyes, and Mayuri returns to her needlework. Dammit, is there anything you guys react to!? We've uncovered a massive conspiracy here! How come you aren't excited!?
Itaru: I'll pass on the search. I'm seriously tired. Besides, I want to keep combing SERN's server.
Rintaro: That's true... Well, you're the only one who can do that, Daru, so I'll leave it to you. So, the IBN 5100 investigation squad shall consist of Mayuri and me--
Mayuri: I can't...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri makes an apologetic face.
Mayuri: I have to make costumes, and I have work, too.
UNSPOKEN: So basically, you two are telling me this: I'm the only one with free time.
Rintaro: Fine. I'll manage alone somehow. It's useless to try and stop me. Understood?
Mayuri: Are you going to do something bad again?
Itaru: Nah, he's all talk.
UNSPOKEN: I leave my useless comrades behind and stride gallantly out of the lab. I step out onto the street. Immediately, a bicycle skids to a stop in front of me.
Suzuha: Hiya, Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha gets off her bicycle and gives me a strange greeting. I want to ask her, Are you an American or something? but I'm distracted by her shiny bicycle. It's the same bicycle that was in front of the Braun Tube Workshop yesterday. I guess it belongs to her. I wonder how much that set her back. I mean, it does look pretty expensive.
Rintaro: Pretty nice technique there.
Suzuha: Bicycles are fun, aren't they? I'd never ridden one before coming here.
Rintaro: You'd never ridden a bicycle!?
Suzuha: Nope. I had ridden motorcycles before, though.
UNSPOKEN: Isn't that backwards? Weird girl. And what's with that flashy braking back there? I think it'd be pretty dangerous if she did that all through the town. Beginners get cocky and get into accidents. You see that pattern all the time. If you're going to go full speed, at least wear a helmet.
Rintaro: Going to work now?
Suzuha: Yup.
UNSPOKEN: The Braun Tube Workshop's shutters are open, but the shop itself never opens until around 11 or 12. I don't know exactly when. It seems to change with Mr. Braun's mood.
Rintaro: That's perfect. There's something we need to talk about.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Just what does this crumbly old Braun Tube Workshop need to get 'ready'?
Suzuha: Nothing, really. Geez. I just mindlessly sweep in front of the shop. If I clean inside, the boss gets angry. 'Everything's where it needs to be,' he says.
UNSPOKEN: So he's paying her to not clean? Something's wrong with that guy.
Rintaro: So hear me out, then.
Suzuha: But I'm so tired.
UNSPOKEN: In other words, she doesn't feel like talking. I glare at her.
Rintaro: You would be... unwise to anger me.
Suzuha: Does it have to be right now?
UNSPOKEN: My glare is not very effective. She doesn't falter at all. But I still maintain my stern expression and nod.
Suzuha: Then go ahead.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shrugs her shoulders as she locks her bicycle. Then she turns to me.
Suzuha: But keep it short, okay?
Rintaro: Where is the IBN 5100?
Suzuha: No intel yet.
Rintaro: What?
Suzuha: I don't know.
UNSPOKEN: Oh.
Rintaro: But by the way you talked yesterday, it sure sounded like you knew.
Suzuha: No, I know someone who knows.
Rintaro: Then take me to them. I won't take no for an answer. Refuse, and I'll show you a living hell.
Suzuha: I can't.
UNSPOKEN: Come on! I even said I'd show you a living hell!
Suzuha: I can't introduce you even if I wanted to.
Rintaro: What do you mean? Don't tell me they're an imaginary--
Suzuha: They've been dead for years.
Rintaro: I'm sorry.
Suzuha: Nah, it's okay. Anyway, there's nothing I can tell you. Honestly, I'm hoping you can tell me something.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha pats me on the shoulders. Funny. You'd think I'm the one who's supposed to cheer her up. Just then, Mr. Braun opens the door and makes his appearance.
Tennouji: Hey, part-timer! It's only your third day and you're late!?
Suzuha: Sorry, boss! The streets were a little crowded this morning.
Tennouji: If you're not gonna take this seriously, I can always give you the boot, hear? As for you, Okabe, don't you lay a finger on my part-timer.
Rintaro: Aren't you the lecherous one here, Mister Braun?
Tennouji: Why you. Just try saying something like that in front of Nae. I'll murder ya. Gotta keep my honor as a father. Besides, I ain't got no use for a skinny kid like her.
Suzuha: What was that!? Take that back, boss!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's actually mad now.
Tennouji: What, you mad?
Suzuha: I'm not a kid! I'm a warrior!
Tennouji: Hah? What're you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's burning passion has the manager shocked. I, on the other hand, am impressed. On impulse, I take Suzuha's hand and grasp it firmly.
Rintaro: I like the look in your eyes, you Part-Time Warrior. They shine with the radiance of the beast unseen in modern men. Never forget those eyes of yours, and you shall surely change class from Part-Time Warrior... to True Warrior.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Stay diligent in your training, and you shall have a place at my side on the field of Ragnarok.
Suzuha: Ragnarok?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks confused.
Suzuha: What's that?
Rintaro: The final battle against SERN.
Suzuha: You've got something like that planned? Count me in if you do, but I've never heard of it.
Rintaro: Of course you haven't. This is the first time I've revealed it. For I shall be the one to initiate Ragnarok! And the world shall be reborn!
Suzuha: Wow! You sure are brave, Okabe Rintaro. You'll probably fail, but I like your spirit. I wish my comrades were as spirited as you are.
UNSPOKEN: Apparently, Suzuha has comrades. I'd like her to introduce me. That way, I can form my personal army, the Phoenix Crusaders. ...Wait a sec. Why does she assume I'll fail at Ragnarok? Looks like I need to instill the fear of Hououin Kyouma into this girl.
Tennouji: Why does my store attract nothing but weirdos? Damn. Whatever, part-timer. Just come inside.
Suzuha: Coming! Later, Okabe Rintaro!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha waves and winks at me as she heads inside the store.
Mayuri: Wait up, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Then Mayuri comes down the stairs, passing Suzuha.
Rintaro: So you're going to help me search after all? That's the lab mem spirit.
Mayuri: Oh, no, that's not it. I was thinking about buying lunch.
UNSPOKEN: She really is a glutton. It's not even lunchtime yet.
Rintaro: So, where do you plan to go?
Mayuri: Hmmm, what to eat...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri places her finger on her bottom lip in thought as she walks.
Mayuri: Sanbo's beef bowl sounds good!
UNSPOKEN: This tiny high school girl truly has guts to enter Sanbo alone. That place isn't like the chain restaurants with their colorful menus and brightly-lit interiors. First timers are often cowed by the old-school atmosphere. Plus, the clientele is almost exclusively male. But Mayuri doesn't care. She just sits there, shoulder to shoulder with students and salarymen, smiling as she eats her beef bowl. Meanwhile, the Sanbists -- regular Sanbo customers -- are posting comments online like The Goddess has arrived! or Goddess for the win!
Rintaro: But Sanbo isn't open this earl--
UNSPOKEN: I try to warn her, but Mayuri is no longer there. She's gone. Mayuri disappears like this every so often. And each time she does, I wonder for one terrible second if she really has vanished from the world. I look around and see Mayuri standing at a distance. She's gazing up at the sky through the buildings. ...Here we go again. She's stopped in the middle of the street, so other pedestrians look at her, wondering what she's doing. But she doesn't notice their stares. She slowly reaches out to the sky, as if entranced. And then she freezes in that position. This is one of Mayuri's habits. I call it Stardust Handshake. Mayuri says that she's liked looking at the night sky ever since she was little. Her reason is romantic -- or perhaps childish.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: When I asked her about it one day, she just smiled and gave that answer. At first she only reached out to the night sky, but lately, she's been doing it without regard to the time of day. Like now. Even when she's walking and talking with someone, something inside her just seems to switch on. Honestly, it's a little crazy.
Rintaro: It's too early for stars, Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I walk up to Mayuri and call out to her. She slowly lowers her hand with a blank smile on her face.
Mayuri: Did you know? Even during the day, the stars are still up there.
Rintaro: Getting philosophical is nice and all, but it's dangerous to stop in the middle of the street.
Mayuri: Ehehe! That's true. Oh, just now, when I was looking at the stars, I decided to have ramen for lunch today!
UNSPOKEN: How are ramen and stars even related? Mayuri's mind works in mysterious ways. I know I said I'd search for the IBN 5100, but I have no idea where to start. I spent about an hour in an internet cafe searching for information, but turned up nothing. I buy some mango juice with tapioca from a juice stand inside Yodobashi. I lose myself in thought as I drink it. It's Saturday, so it's starting to get crowded in front of the station. Some maids are distributing leaflets to the people coming out. I know Daru's well-acquainted with retro PCs, but is there anyone else? Oh yeah, Shining Finger was obsessed with the IBN 5100, wasn't she? I'm really reluctant to contact that mail demon, though... But ultimately, my feelings are trivial. Ragnarok hangs in the balance. I don't know Shining Finger's phone number, so I'll just send her an email for the time being. Once I finish drinking my juice, I aimlessly head towards Chuo-dori. And then comes an email. It's from Shining Finger. That's a quick reply. But I asked her to call, so why did she reply by email? But I decide not to bother. I finish my drink and wander towards Chuo-dori. Then comes an email, almost as if on cue. Don't tell me... is it the mail demon? Tch, it's like she can read my mind. I instinctively scan the area, searching for that gloomy woman in the crowd. No sign of her tailing me. Oh well. I guess I'll send her a reply. I don't know Shining Finger's phone number, so I'll just send her an email for the time being. In the email, I ask her to call, and include my phone number. Now I just have to wait for her response. And there it is. That's a quick reply. But I asked her to call, so why did she reply by email? Wait, she wants it by email? There's a lot to cover. I'd rather not have to type it all out. I need to find out her phone number. Give me your phone number, along with any information you have on the IBN 5100. And... send. I look up after finishing my email and see a huge crowd of people in front of Radi-Kan. I guess the satellite is still a big deal. The media presence hasn't died down since the day of the crash either. Radi-Kan is still closed. And, of course, the satellite is still there. Not 30 seconds pass before I get a reply. Right as I'm about to look down and read the email, I catch sight of a familiar face in the crowd.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Well, if it isn't my assistant. What are you doing here?
Kurisu: Hey. When did I become your assistant?
UNSPOKEN: She looks like she'll snap at me, so to dampen her spirit, I go back to checking my email. What is wrong with this woman!? I told her to tell me her phone number and she just ignored me! And she doesn't even have any information! How useless can you be!?
Kurisu: ...Why are you glaring at me?
Rintaro: Don't worry about it. You're not the cause of my frustration.
Kurisu: Oh, so you're just raging? Don't glare at me.
Rintaro: You've glared at me before, haven't you?
Kurisu: That's because you keep doing pervy-- Ah, no, I'm not saying anything.
UNSPOKEN: Another one? I want to snap my phone in half and throw it on the ground. What do you mean Tell me the super hacka's address♪!? You making fun of me with that ♪? You're not getting anything from me! Anyway, why does she need to send me two short consecutive emails? I mean, she might as well just combine them into one.
Kurisu: Are the emails you're getting really that unpleasant?
Rintaro: They're more... unreasonable than unpleasant.
UNSPOKEN: I can't quite describe it in one word. Stop sending me all these short emails! I'm begging you, just gather your thoughts and send everything together! I feel a little satisfied after sending that email. I turn to Kurisu again.
Rintaro: So, Christina, what brings you here?
Kurisu: If you're going to call me names, could you at least be consistent? Anyway, my business here doesn't concern you.
Rintaro: Why are you pouting?
Kurisu: I'm not pouting. I just don't want to get involved in your silly games again.
Rintaro: Nonsense. You're already a lab mem. You have a duty to work for the benefit of the lab!
UNSPOKEN: Well, she is only a temporary member. No, it's because she's a temporary member that we need to get as much out of her as we can.
Kurisu: ...I regret losing myself to curiosity back then.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and looks up at the satellite. We're not alone. Several other people are standing here and looking up. It's Akiba's latest tourist attraction.
Rintaro: Did you come to see the satellite?
Kurisu: ...I guess. It doesn't make sense. Normally, they calculate satellites' orbits so that they burn up in the atmosphere when they fall. So how can that thing be in such perfect condition?
UNSPOKEN: And that's to say nothing about the huge hole it punched in the building. Are satellites that durable?
Rintaro: Where's this satellite from, anyway?
Kurisu: They still don't know. Rumors say it's from the former Soviet Union, but Russia denies it. So it looks like they can't remove it yet.
UNSPOKEN: Three days have passed and it's still unknown. How interesting. I smell a conspiracy.
Rintaro: So it's another Organization cover-up! They knew I'd be at Radi-Kan and tried to erase me!
Kurisu: Organization? What's that?
Rintaro: The Organization is the Organization. Its formal name is something else, but all those who know of its existence call it the Organization out of fear. They rule the world from the shadows, transcending nations, with politics, economics, religion, even science in their clutches.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hangs her head and blushes for some reason.
Rintaro: What's wrong?
Kurisu: N-nothing! Really, nothing, okay? Say another word and I hit you!
UNSPOKEN: Crazy girl.
Kurisu: A-anyway! What's happened with the PhoneWave!?
Rintaro: I thought you didn't want to get involved. And it's not the PhoneWave, it's the PhoneWave (name subject to change)--
Kurisu: Just answer me. Have you learned anything?
Rintaro: No progress. We've tried repeating the experiment, but at present, we haven't been able to reproduce the discharge phenomenon or send another email to the past.
Kurisu: I see...
UNSPOKEN: Another email. Damn you, Shining Finger. I said not to send so many short emails, but she doesn't seem to get it! I can't handle this mail demon. Looks like she's rethinking things. Hopefully I don't have to worry about any more email assaults.
Kurisu: Hello? Can you put your phone away when you're talking with someone?
Rintaro: Don't be like that. Rather, you should praise me, for I have taught a foul mail demon to behave like a civilized human being.
Kurisu: Why are you so pompous?
Rintaro: I'd ask you the same thing, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: Okay, let's send a reply. Apology accepted. I'm looking for an IBN 5100 too. I agree that we should exchange information. I'll let you know when I have something. You don't need to reply to this mail. I type that out and send it.
Kurisu: Are you done with your little mail exchange? Hououin-san?
Rintaro: Oh? So you remember my true name. Indeed, I am Hououin Kyouma.
Kurisu: I was being facetious.
Rintaro: How was that facetious? You called me by my correct name. You made no mistake. You'll make a good assistant.
Kurisu: Okabe-san... have you sought professional help?
Rintaro: I am not Okabe!
Kurisu: This is exhausting...
UNSPOKEN: Let's save checking the email for later.
Kurisu: You're pompous, but at least you have some manners.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: I hate people who play with their phones in the middle of a conversation.
Rintaro: Ah, so that's why you grabbed my phone when we first met.
Kurisu: When we first met? I didn't do that.
Rintaro: Yeah you did. There I was, giving my report, when you grabbed my--
UNSPOKEN: ...phone out of my hand. I shut my mouth before I finish. The events at Radi-Kan. My story of what happened back then doesn't mesh with Daru's story. It didn't mesh with Mayuri's. And now it won't mesh Kurisu's. So in the end, was that a dream? A hallucination?
Kurisu: What? What do you mean 'giving your report'?
Rintaro: No. It's nothing. So, about the PhoneWave (name subject to change). After the experiment, you screamed something like 'A time machine? It can't be!' Did something awaken a past trauma?
Kurisu: No. And don't go making one up either.
Rintaro: Back when she was five years old, Christina was on the plains of Arkansas when lightning--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I was trying to imagine tranquil scenery, and the first state to come to mind was Arkansas. Second was Oregon.
Kurisu: Not Utah? I mean, relatively speaking, isn't Utah more suitable?
Rintaro: Then answer me, Christina! Why did you freak out back then!?
Kurisu: ...No reason. I simply didn't want to believe. Fringe science should stay in the realm of fiction.
Rintaro: Fringe science? Don't be ridiculous. You saw it with your own eyes. You saw the email leap to the past! You saw the banana travel instantly through space!
Kurisu: I saw... but we must be missing something. Or maybe we're just seeing what we want to see. Remember what I said at ATF? Time machines are just a pipe dream given modern technology. And yet a bunch of amateurs like you just stick a phone and a microwave together and expect time travel to occur? Ridiculous.
Rintaro: But it did occur! Will you deny what you saw with your own eyes? Are you saying that theories trump reality? Then I hope you enjoy sophistry and word games, because that's all you'll ever have!
Kurisu: What do you mean, word games?
Rintaro: Quantum theory, for example. If you ask me, theories like that are nothing but word games!
Kurisu: Wait, are you rejecting modern physics? Who do you think you are?
Rintaro: Trust what you see! The only things that matter are things that happen; things that don't happen, things that aren't observed, are just hypotheses!
Kurisu: When hypotheses pile up, and theories are verified, they become reality. That's how modern physics comes to understand the truth of the universe.
Rintaro: But sometimes your hypotheses are mistaken! Even Einstein was wrong about some things!
Kurisu: So you're going to do nothing, just because you could be wrong? Then enjoy your dirty little lab and your silly gadgets, because that's all you'll ever have. You'll never reach the truth that way. Failure teaches success.
Rintaro: I see. Nice rebuttal.
Kurisu: ...You're never getting off your high horse, are you?
Rintaro: By the way, Christina, I have always felt that physicists are hypocrites.
Kurisu: ...What?
Rintaro: There are phenomena that everyone knows occur in reality, but which physicists refuse to research. What do you think about that?
Kurisu: I don't know what to say unless you can give me some examples.
Rintaro: Ghosts, for instance.
Kurisu: The occult? Really?
Rintaro: You refuse to research it just because it's the occult? That contradicts what you just said! 'You'll never reach the truth that way!' People have seen ghosts. There is even photographic evidence. So where are the theories? Why do physicists refuse to speak?
Kurisu: ...It's a different field of study.
Rintaro: You can't call physics the study of natural phenomena, then decide some things don't count!
Kurisu: True, but...
Rintaro: And that's why we must investigate the phenomenon of sending emails to the past. You shall assist me!
Kurisu: No.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a clear cut answer. Along with her usual glare. So the genius girl really does hate me.
Kurisu: I won't have a hand in your fringe science. I won't make the same mistake my father did.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: You make a fine argument, but it won't work in the scientific community. The day you decide to research time travel is the day you're out of a job.
Rintaro: How can you be so certain?
Kurisu: Because that's what happened to my father.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grimaces.
Kurisu: My father, a physicist, loved time machines. He was so fascinated by Wells's 'The Time Machine' that he seriously studied time travel. But because of his obsession, he was practically exiled from the scientific community. I will never get involved with time travel research!
UNSPOKEN: This time, her sheer force of will gives me pause. Umm... I think she's really pissed. I may have stepped on a landmine here. What do I do? If I get her any angrier, she might seriously hit me. Let's calm her down a little. Yeah, let's do that. But what should I say?
Kurisu: ...I'm sorry. I got emotional.
UNSPOKEN: She apologizes first. Christina's calm character saves me.
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don't worry about it! I wanted to test your character, so I made you angry on purpose!
Kurisu: ...Huh? ...Anyway, the PhoneWave isn't a time machine. Email is a manmade system, so this phenomenon should be explainable in the scope of that system.
Rintaro: I understand. I had no idea you hate time machines that much. It's almost like an allergy. I apologize for forcing you to become a lab mem. You don't have to come again.
Kurisu: ...I wasn't planning on it.
Rintaro: But know this, Christina.
Kurisu: Don't call me Christina.
Rintaro: Lab Mem Number 004 will be a retired number. That number... is yours forever.
UNSPOKEN: I finish my speech and turn my back to Kurisu. I won't look back. I walk away slowly with my eyes closed. It's kind of hard to walk like this. Hope I don't bump into anyone. Wait, am I even walking straight?
Kurisu: You look ridiculous!
UNSPOKEN: My shoulder is suddenly pulled from behind. I brace myself so I don't fall backwards.
Rintaro: What are you doing!? You've ruined my perfectly-staged exit scene! And you call yourself my assistant!?
Kurisu: No, I don't call myself your assistant! And besides, I still have something to ask you!
UNSPOKEN: Dammit, her stubbornness has already returned!
Kurisu: I asked you about this before, but you said I got stabbed, right? I demand an explanation.
UNSPOKEN: Ah yes, the other real-life phenomenon that has yet to be explained.
Rintaro: That was just something I hallucinated.
UNSPOKEN: Let's just leave it at that for now.
Kurisu: Why would you dream about me?
Rintaro: I don't know. And it wasn't a dream. It was a hallucination.
Kurisu: You said something about Doctor Nakabachi, didn't you?
Rintaro: Doctor Nakabachi held a time machine presentation at Radi-Kan that day.
Kurisu: That presentation was canceled because of the satellite crash.
Rintaro: So it seems. But in my hallucination, the presentation proceeded as planned. Mayuri and I went to see it, and you came over to flirt with me.
Kurisu: I don't flirt. Especially not with idiots like you.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Escapism? That's unexpectedly chicken of you.
Rintaro: It's a hypothesis. Your favorite thing.
Kurisu: So who stabbed me? Don't tell me it was you.
UNSPOKEN: I recall the sight of Kurisu collapsed in a puddle of blood. It sends shivers down my spine. Was that really just a hallucination? It was too real. I can clearly remember the smell of blood.
Rintaro: You were already dead when I got there. I didn't see who did it.
Kurisu: I don't get it. Why do I have to die in your mind? You have something against me?
Rintaro: Of course not. At that point in time, we had only spoken once. We were just strangers.
UNSPOKEN: Well, that one time we talked was during the events I imagined. So strictly speaking, at that point in time, all I knew about her was what I'd read in the magazine.
Rintaro: Anyway, we didn't know each other. That's why I ran away instead of calling for an ambulance.
Kurisu: My hero.
Rintaro: What? You want me to go back in time and give you CPR or something? I'd need to use the PhoneWave (name subject to change) for that.
Kurisu: ...I've heard enough. No more hallucinating about me, okay? Dying isn't fun, even if it's in someone else's head.
Rintaro: I can't make any guarantees. That would require perfect 24-hour surveillance inside my brain.
Kurisu: You have a comeback for everything, don't you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shakes her head in exasperation, then turns and walks off towards the station. Looks like she wants to end the conversation. In revenge for last time, I grab Kurisu's slender shoulder from behind.
Kurisu: Kyah! What now!?
Rintaro: I'm not done talking!
Kurisu: You trying to pick a fight?
Rintaro: It's revenge for ruining my farewell scene, Christina! You shall regret your thoughtless actions!
Kurisu: Okay, okay, fine. What is it?
Rintaro: About the IBN 5100.
Kurisu: I don't know what you're talking about.
Rintaro: ...If you don't know, then forget about it. Farewell! We will not meet again.
UNSPOKEN: I turn my back to Kurisu. This time, I'll make a perfect--
Kurisu: Hey! Don't tell me to forget about it!
UNSPOKEN: She grabs my arm. Dammit! This is the second time!
Kurisu: What is the IBN five... whatever?
Rintaro: Then IBN 5100. It's a retro PC from 1975. I'm looking for one.
Kurisu: Yeah? What are you going to do with it?
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she's interested. She was the same way when she came to the lab. I guess this girl is just brimming with curiosity.
Rintaro: Interested?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly averts her eyes. But she doesn't let go of my arm.
Rintaro: You're interested, aren't you?
Kurisu: ...Just a little.
Rintaro: Then I shall answer! The IBN 5100 is the key to unlocking SERN's most closely guarded secrets.
Kurisu: SERN? You mean... the SERN?
Rintaro: Indeed. Through the tireless efforts of my faithful lab mems, we have uncovered evidence that SERN is researching time travel.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: ...Great. I shouldn't have asked.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a cold glare, then lets go and starts walking away. This time, she's gone for good. Damn you! Just you watch. I will expose SERN's secrets if it's the last thing I do! The next day, I decide to hit Akiba's computer parts stores. I did as much as I could yesterday, after parting with Kurisu, but no luck. Finding an IBN 5100 is obviously going to be a huge pain in the ass.
Rintaro: Hmmm...
UNSPOKEN: I'm standing in the narrow tunnel that runs beside the Radi-Kan building. Small shops selling everything from motherboards to resistors to vacuum tubes line both sides of the tunnel. Here lie the vestiges of the old Electric Town. Akiba's conscience, so to speak. Casual otaku usually avoid stores like these. It's like a holy land that only true fanatics can enter. Not that I'm an expert on computer parts. Furthermore, these shops only sell parts, so it's actually kind of silly to be searching for a whole PC here. Still, something about the sight of all these electronics gets my blood pumping.  I have to hide my excitement to maintain my dignity. If a storekeeper yells, Hey, kid! You're ten years too young for this stuff! then I'll have no choice but to run. Fortunately, no one has yelled at me yet. In fact, the storekeepers seem to be ignoring me. They must be more open-minded than I thought. Or maybe they just don't care. I search each store in turn, but turn up neither hide nor hair of an IBN 5100. The ringing of my phone draws a sharp look from the nearest storekeeper. I force a smile and rush outside.
Rintaro: It's me. What's up?
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.
Rintaro: I thought I told you not to contact me on this line. It could be tapped.
Mayuri: Huhwha?
Rintaro: I'm telling you to not be so careless. Anyway, give me a sitrep.
Mayuri: Um, Okarin? Mayushii doesn't know what that means...
Rintaro: I'm asking why you're calling.
Mayuri: Why didn't you just say that? Um, what are you doing now?
Rintaro: Executing the mission.
Mayuri: Executing the missus?
Rintaro: The mission! I'm looking for an IBN 5100!
Mayuri: Ehehe! Well why didn't you say so? Mayushii heard something amazing just now. Wanna hear?
Rintaro: If it's valuable information, then by all means.
Mayuri: Well, then come to MayQueen! I'll be waiting♪
Rintaro: Hey, tell me over the phone! Hey, Mayuri! Why do I have to go all the way to MayQueen...
UNSPOKEN: I complain, but it's less than a ten minute walk. Whatever. I haven't had lunch, so I guess I'll eat while I'm there. There's a handwritten sign outside MayQueen that says Today's the Faris Cup, nyan♪. While I'm trying to figure out what that means...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri trots up to me in full maid regalia. She has a convenience store bag in hand.
Mayuri: Mayushii went to the convenience store during lunch break.
UNSPOKEN: Then Mayuri takes out her pocket watch, Pockety. She checks the time.
Mayuri: Now there's only five minutes left!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri squats next to the stairs.
Rintaro: Good work. So, what was that amazing thing you heard?
Mayuri: Before that, food.
UNSPOKEN: She takes some fried chicken out of the convenience store bag as she speaks. The aroma of the chicken stirs my appetite.
Rintaro: Let me have one.
Mayuri: Okay.
UNSPOKEN: She skewers a piece of chicken on a toothpick and holds it out for me.
Mayuri: Here you go♪
Rintaro: You can't do that in front of the store. You're supposed to be a maid.
Mayuri: So?
Rintaro: Here, you're not Shiina Mayuri, but Mayushii NyanNyan. You can't 'say aah' in front of the store! Your customers are going to see that as an act of betrayal.
Mayuri: Oh! Mayushii didn't think of that.
UNSPOKEN: With that said, I take the chicken off the toothpick by hand and throw it into my mouth. Mmm, delicious. Not as good as Juicy Chicken Number One, though.
Rintaro: Well? What was that amazing thing you heard?
Mayuri: Oh, right! Actually, it's about the IBN 5100.
Rintaro: You found a lead!? Of course, it was at MayQueen! I can't believe I missed it!
Mayuri: No it's not! That's silly!
UNSPOKEN: Damn! Don't get my hopes up like that. Mayuri has a triumphant look on her face, but I don't see where this is going at all.
Mayuri: Mayushii was thinking of the IBN 5100 during work, so I asked the other girls if they knew anything. First I asked Makki-chan, but Makki-chan said she's not good with computers. And then there's LisaLisa-chan, but she only knows about the latest PCs. And she's actually a Machead...
Rintaro: Just get to the point. I don't really care how much trouble you went through.
Mayuri: Hm? Um, well, I think Feris-chan knows.
Rintaro: What!? Is that true!?
Mayuri: Yup. Did you know she's a retro PC maniac?
Rintaro: Faris?
UNSPOKEN: That girl is seriously hardcore. I'd prefer to stay away from her if possible. But I'm really desperate for information. I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. Looks like we've got a lead on the IBN 5100. Are you ready for this? It's Faris NyanNyan. It turns out that catgirl's an expert on retro PCs. There's probably another side to this. Let's keep our eyes peeled. ...Hmph. I suppose I'm the only man for the job. Very well. I'll make the approach. If you don't hear from me by 2000 hours tonight, then forget about me and commence the strike on MayQueen. Everything is the choice of Steins Gate... El Psy Kongroo.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Ahh! I didn't say you could have two!
Rintaro: Well done, Mayuri! I'll see that your information is put to good use!
Mayuri: My chicken...
Rintaro: By the way, what's this Feris Cup about?
Mayuri: My chicken...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is stuffing the remaining chicken into her mouth as fast as she can. There are tears in her eyes. Come on, it was just two.
Rintaro: Well, whatever. I'm uneasy about the lack of intel, but the mission must go on. Wait here, Mayuri. If I don't return within the hour, go home immediately. Understood?
Mayuri: I can't! I have to work.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway. Let's leave Mayuri to her chicken and begin the approach.
Faris: Welcome, Myaster♪
UNSPOKEN: When I enter the cafe, it's fully occupied, unlike usual.
Faris: Nyanya♪ Is Kyouma gonna join too? Today's the Faris Cup, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Doesn't look like she plans to explain what that is. I take my phone out again.
Rintaro: It's me. Run a search on the Faris Cup. ...What!? A battle to the death where the winner gets to use Faris however he pleases!? Looks like I've stepped into one hell of a mess. ...No, there's no problem. I'll survive... by any means necessary. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I put away my phone and turn to Faris.
Rintaro: The Faris Cup is a battle royale, isn't it?
Faris: No, nya. It's a cat-eat-cat battle royale where the winner gets to make Faris his slave, nya. Ahh, no, you can't! You can't claw at each other's throats over Faris, nya! Please, stop nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris starts crying and wriggling her body seductively. That's some pretty good acting, but of course, no one here is killing anyone.
Faris: Kyouma, please, nya. Stop them.
Rintaro: Don't worry. There's nobody for me to stop. Everyone's sitting silently in their seats.
UNSPOKEN: Nevertheless, the atmosphere here is different. I sense bloodlust in the air.
Rintaro: No, seriously, what's the Faris Cup?
Faris: A paw-to-paw contest with Faris nya. Faris goes at it with everyone at the same time nyan. A reward goes to those Faris finds worthy, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I gulp and look at Faris hard.
Rintaro: Faris, are you serious!?
UNSPOKEN: Going at it with all these men at the same time? She's insane. But Faris grins. A fang-like tooth peeks out from her glistening red lips.
Faris: ...If you don't do something, Faris is gonna become everyone's plaything, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris approaches me. Her slender fingers touch my arm. Her caress gives me goosebumps.
Faris: Save Faris's fur, Kyouma...
UNSPOKEN: I can't take my eyes off her. I've been entranced. This girl has the power to bend men to her will. I must resist.
Rintaro: I refuse!
Faris: NyaNya!?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I didn't come to fight. I only came to talk to you.
Faris: If you're not going to play, then I'm sorry, but I'll have to ask you to leave, nya.
Rintaro: What's this? A maid, sending a customer away?
Faris: Faris is the organyaizer of the Faris Cup today. Only participants are allowed inside the shop, nya.
Rintaro: I only need two minutes. The IBN--
Faris: Not listening, nyan!
UNSPOKEN: Faris puts her hands over her ears. Her real ears, not the cat ears. Then she laughs mischievously.
Faris: If you want to talk to Faris, you have no choice but to join the Faris Cup, nyan.
Rintaro: ...Now that's just low.
Faris: So, what'll it be nyan? You can't survive unless you fight with your own paws, nyan!
UNSPOKEN: Use any method to obtain information. That's my current mission. I have to do it! No matter what lies ahead!
Rintaro: There's no choice. I accept your challenge. But on one condition.
UNSPOKEN: I thrust my finger at the tip of Faris' nose.
Rintaro: If I face you, you'll tell me everything you know!
Faris: NyaNya? Well, fine by me nya... Well then, Master, this way, nyannyan♪
UNSPOKEN: She sticks a nametag onto my chest. The number 28 is written on it with round, girly numbers. I cautiously let Faris lead me to the back of the cafe, and finally learn what the customers are doing. Everyone's engrossed in some kind of card game. Now I remember. The other day, Faris said that she was doing a RaiNet AccessBattlers tournament. That's the Faris Cup. If you win, you get to eat Faris's home cooking, or something like that. Tch, looks like Faris tricked me. Save me, she said. Nya, she said. I knew she was not to be trifled with.
Itaru: Huh? Why are you here? You don't do RaiNet.
Rintaro: Wha, Daru!? What are you doing here!? What about SERN!?
Itaru: Let me rest for one day, man. You should treat me better after two consecutive all-nighters.
Rintaro: SERN's power grows stronger by the day, and here you are without a care in the world.
Itaru: You're here too.
Rintaro: I came here for an unrelated matter and got dragged into this nonsense. I'm not interested in RaiNet or Faris's home cooking.
UNSPOKEN: The second those words leave my lips, I feel like everyone in the store is glaring at me. They want my blood. Come to think of it, the Faris Cup was organized by Faris, so it makes sense that only Faris fans would participate. In other words, I'm the Away Team. Tch, I'm surrounded by enemies. But this is something I must do. This is just one more step on my road to the IBN 5100. Obtain information using any means necessary. With that mission in mind, I sit next to Daru and softly whisper to him.
Rintaro: Daru, Operation Sigma.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I'm saying we should cooperate. We'll be the strongest if we team up, right?
Itaru: More like you're gonna drag me down. You're a noob at this game, Okarin.
Rintaro: But you're my right-hand man. As long as we're together, we have nothing to fear.
UNSPOKEN: Daru flashes his white teeth in a grin.
Itaru: But I refuse. I'm in this thing to win.
Rintaro: And you call yourself my friend!?
Itaru: In this tournament, we're enemies.
Rintaro: You traitor! Why do you think I sent you into this cafe as a spy?
Itaru: But you didn't send me. I'm Faris-tan's biggest fan. I check her blog every day and--
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly the cafe's lights dim. A song starts playing. A somewhat solemn melody, with sexy and powerful female vocals. I've heard this song a lot recently. Pretty sure it's the theme song to RaiNet Kakeru.
Faris: Hi everyone♪ Thanks for waiting, nyan! The afternoon Faris Cup is about to begin nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris appears in a spotlight. The previously peaceful audience instantly explodes in excitement. Everyone stands up and shouts in unison with their fists raised skyward.
Faris: Thank you, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris responds to the shouts of joy with a wave of her hand, then clears her throat.
Faris: The rules are simple. Faris will face off against each one of you nya. Faris will even go paw-to-paw with ten people at once, nyan. If you beat Faris, you'll get her home cooking as a reward, nya. Now then, everyone! Enjoy the contest!
UNSPOKEN: Lots are drawn to determine the order we face Faris. Seems like there are 28 participants, including me. Faris will face ten people at the same time, so she divides us into three rounds. I'm in the third round.
Itaru: Gwah... strong Faris is strong...
UNSPOKEN: Daru, a first-round participant, was insta-killed by Faris. How weak. And he said I was going to be the burden. No, maybe Faris is just too strong. RaiNet AccessBattlers is similar to chess. There's a special board where you compete using pieces arranged in rows. The rules are fairly complicated, but basically, the point of the game is to get your pieces into the enemy camp. Whoever gets the most pieces into the enemy camp wins. Faris is playing against ten people at once. She moves from table to table in a circle, taking one move at each before proceeding to the next. In go, shogi, and chess, this is called a simultaneous exhibition. High-level players hold them to demonstrate their skill. And Faris does indeed seem to be highly skilled, just as Daru said. All ten of the first-round participants are annihilated within 15 minutes.
Faris: Nyahaha♪ I hope the next group tries a little harder nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, Faris. Don't get cocky. I lean back against the wall and silently watch the round 2 matches.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri returns from her break with a drink in hand and whispers to me.
Mayuri: Mayushii's bad at RaiNet, so I'm really jealous.
Rintaro: What would you do if you were good at it?
Mayuri: Don't you know? RaiNet AccessBattlers isn't just popular in Akiba. It's a global blend!
UNSPOKEN: Blend? So... it's coffee?
Rintaro: I think you mean trend.
Mayuri: Yeah, that. So if you get good at it, you're sure to be every kid's hero!
Rintaro: Hero, huh... That doesn't sound bad.
Mayuri: Besides, Upa is so cute♪
UNSPOKEN: Upa, as everyone knows, is RaiNet's mascot character. These days he's more popular than that electric yellow rat.
Rintaro: Wait. There's something strange about your argument. How does RaiNet skill relate to Upa's cuteness?
UNSPOKEN: I guess they're related in Mayuri's mind. She must be after those limited Upa plushes they give out to participants in official tournaments. You'll never become the strongest with such impure intentions, Mayuri.
Mayuri: Feris-chan's too busy to go to tournaments, but I think she's definitely a world-class player.
UNSPOKEN: If that's the case, these faceless rabble participating in the Faris Cup are unworthy opponents. Just as expected, round 2 ends the same as round 1. Nobody's even close to Faris's level.
Faris: NyanNyan. Sorry, nya, but Faris never pulls punches in RaiNet. I want someone who can go paw-to-paw with me, nyan.
Itaru: Gwohh! Feris-tan is too strong! We can't win. It was hopeless from the get-go!
UNSPOKEN: A thick mood of defeat has already spread across the challengers. Some of them are even on their knees in shame.
Rintaro: Hmph! You're all pathetic.
UNSPOKEN: I stride to the front of the crowd. I nonchalantly meet Faris's questioning gaze.
Rintaro: But we've been saving the best for last. Daru! Allow me to show you... how a true man fights.
Itaru: Don't tell me you've got a plan?
Rintaro: Hmph. Indeed I do. Let's just call this Operation 'Sweet Side'.
UNSPOKEN: A loud 'ohh!' echoes from all around me. Those cruelly defeated by Faris entrust their hopes unto me... unto us all, the eight Round 3 participants. I can feel their pain. It gives me strength. At first, we were enemies. But now, our hearts are joined against the indomitable might of Faris.
Faris: So Kyouma thinks he's up to par, nya?
Rintaro: The tears of the fallen twenty... shall not be in vain. Do you remember our promise, Faris? Once this match is over, you'll tell me everything you know.
Itaru: Amazing! That crazy bastard actually means to win!
Mayuri: Go for it, Okarin♪
UNSPOKEN: The crowd goes wild. They place their hopes on me. I slowly step up to the table.
Rintaro: Five minutes. That's all it will take to decide the match.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I give up.
UNSPOKEN: It didn't even take five minutes.
Itaru: You're weak! Too weak!
UNSPOKEN: Obviously! I've never played RaiNet AccessBattlers before! There's no way I can win if I don't even know the rules! By the way, I'm not alone. All eight of the third-round contestants were blown out. And thus, the tournament ends in total victory for Faris.
Mayuri: Mayushii's disappointed...
Itaru: So it was all a bluff!? What happened to Operation 'Sweet Side'!?
Faris: It was almost like Kyouma committed suicide, nya.
Itaru: Wait, don't tell me...
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Yes! It's exactly what you're thinking!
UNSPOKEN: I leap onto a chair and strike an awesome pose, bathing the losers below me in scorn. Why the long faces, men!?
Rintaro: Operation Sweet Side was a suicide attack!
Itaru: That's gotta be the worst pun ever!
UNSPOKEN: I don't know the rules. What else could I do?
Faris: But why are you so proud even though I made kitty litter outta you, nya?
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. Have you not figured it out, Faris NyanNyan!? Win or lose, it made no difference.
Faris: What's that supposed to mean, nya?
Rintaro: Do you remember the conditions I set?
Faris: Mya? If Faris lost, then she'd tell you everything--
Rintaro: No! You are wrong, Faris. What I said was... 'If I face you, you'll tell me everything you know!' If I face you. Now do you understand? I never needed to win! No one else could have pulled it off. These fools were lured here by the prospect of Faris's home cooking. They were obsessed with winning. But not I! Your home cooking meant nothing to me! That difference in motivation is what allowed this suicide mission to succeed! Heh heh heh, muhahahaha, MUHAHAHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: My laughter echoes throughout the cafe. Everyone is staring at me in disbelief. Mayuri's the only one to applaud.
Mayuri: Wow, Okarin! You're amazing!
Itaru: Th-that's dirty...
Rintaro: I think you mean fiendishly clever! Behold the success of Operation Sweet Side!
UNSPOKEN: I get off the chair and walk to Faris.
Rintaro: Now, Faris. Answer me. Where is the IBN 5100!?
Faris: Nya? The IBN 5100?
Rintaro: Don't play dumb. I have a reliable source.
UNSPOKEN: I remember that image of the IBN 5100 Shining Finger sent me. I bring it up on my phone and show it to Faris.
Rintaro: I know that you have information on the IBN 5100.
Faris: Nya... how do you expect me to remember that, nya? Though I think I've seen this computer before...
Rintaro: What!? I thought you were an expert on retro PCs! Mayuri told me so!
Itaru: Uh, you leaked your source...
Mayuri: Yup! Mayushii's a reliable source!
Faris: I'm not an expert, nya. Papa collected them, so we've got tons at home, that's all.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: I can't, nyan.
Rintaro: What!? Why!?
UNSPOKEN: Faris puts on a bewitching smile.
Faris: Because that's the Faris Clan's sanctuary.
UNSPOKEN: The... Faris Clan?
Faris: The only ones who may enter are the Faris Clan's cat-eared daughters: those who purrsue the knowledge of the meow miko. In other words, it's paws-off to everybody but Faris, nya. Try to force your way in... and you'll grow dog ears, nya!
Rintaro: Like hell I will! Dog ears!? Yeah right!
Faris: I-it's true, nya... Faris doesn't tell tall tails, nya...
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly starts acting like a scared little catgirl. Instantly, the air is charged with malice. I find myself surrounded by 27 Faris fans, each glaring at me with bloodshot eyes.
Rintaro: You coward! You've converted your believers into your personal army!
Faris: Faris is only telling the truth, nya...
UNSPOKEN: The defeated are now under Faris's complete control. They approach at a shuffle, muttering foul prayers to their cat goddess. Crap. These guys are serious. I need the information Faris possesses, but I'm at too great a disadvantage now to press the attack. And then there's my personal weakness to Faris's powers. At this rate, I might be assimilated into the Faris cult. What do I do!?
Rintaro: Gwaahhh!
UNSPOKEN: I cry out and seize my right wrist.
Rintaro: No, n-not now... it's too soon!
UNSPOKEN: My right hand trembles. I show agony on my face as I try desperately to control the trembling.
Faris: No! Don't tell me! Is the Anti-RaiNet System activating!? I warned you playing RaiNet could kill you!
UNSPOKEN: What? Where did that come from!? I ignore Faris and stagger towards the exit. Her worshippers let me pass. It feels as if everyone is giving me cold stares, but I don't have the time to check and make sure. I throw myself out the door and into open air.
Rintaro: Damn, empty handed...
UNSPOKEN: The throbbing in my right arm settles as soon as I leave the cafe. I guess I'll ask Daru or Mayuri about Faris some other day. It feels like all of my exhaustion has caught up with me. And to make matters worse, it's boiling hot today. The sun's getting stronger as we enter August. Fed up with the heat, I wipe the sweat off my brow.
Mayuri: Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri chases after me. She's smiling and waving at me, but her speed is clearly faster than mine.
Rintaro: What happened? Is the Faris Cup already over?
Mayuri: Nope. Well, just about. After this, the customers get to chat with Feris-chan. I wanted to tell you about that IBN 5100 thing. I showed Feris-chan the picture again.
Rintaro: Good work, Mayuri! Completely different from a certain useless super hacka! So?
Mayuri: Feris-chan said it was probably around the time she was in elementary school. On a cold autumn day, while Feris-chan was shivering from the cold, her butler Kuroki-san came to help--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: So basically, she ended up donating one of her dad's computers to a shrine. She says it looked just like the one you're looking for.
Rintaro: Donated it... to a shrine?
UNSPOKEN: That's an unexpected combination. PCs... and shrines. Consumer electronics... and ancient Shinto rituals. They're not even tangentially related.
Rintaro: Which shrine?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri tilts her head in confusion.
Mayuri: Dunno. Where could it be?
UNSPOKEN: You didn't ask her?
Rintaro: Whatever. It's a lead.
UNSPOKEN: The only shrines in Akiba are Kanda Myojin and Yanabayashi Shrine. I don't know if Faris was living in Akiba at the time, but at least it's a start.
Rintaro: Good work, Mayuri. Continue your espionage mission.
Mayuri: SPN hodge?
Rintaro: Whatever, it doesn't matter. Bye.
Mayuri: Okay! Bye bye♪
UNSPOKEN: Instead of returning to work, she keeps waving to me until I've vanished from sight. Whew, that was close. I probably shouldn't go back in there today. I take a deep breath to calm myself down. That's when something strange catches my eye. There's a woman squatting on the ground nearby, her knees against her chest. In her hand is a gaudy purple phone. She's staring at the screen without moving a muscle. She's even more conspicuous since nobody else is around. And on further inspection, I realize it's someone I know.
Rintaro: Shining Finger!
UNSPOKEN: I call out to her, but she gives me no reaction. Shining Finger is just a name I made up, so I guess it's only natural. Umm, her name was Moe... Moekko? No...
Rintaro: Finger!
UNSPOKEN: I stand in front of her and call her name -- well, the name I gave her -- but she doesn't even look at me. Her fingers are typing rapidly on her phone, so she's definitely conscious. But she still looks dead. There's no life in her eyes. I'm actually worried. Despite the heat, she's not sweating at all.
Rintaro: Can't you hear me?
Moeka: ...Who?
Rintaro: Hououin Kyouma! The mad scientist.
UNSPOKEN: She glances at me for maybe half a second, then goes right back to staring at her phone.
Moeka: ...Who?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Hm? I didn't quite hear you.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka types out a mail at high speed. She's useless.
Rintaro: Don't worry. I have a network of informants at my disposal. Finding a retro PC should be no trouble at all.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka looks at me for the first time today. I see respect in her eyes.
Rintaro: Have you forgotten who I am? Hououin Kyouma! I will stop at nothing to destroy the System and usher in a new era of chaos! Muhahaha!
Moeka: That's... Okabe-kun's Steins Gate...
Rintaro: Not Okabe! Hououin!
UNSPOKEN: After parting with Shining Finger, I go to a nearby PC store to talk to an employee I happen to know. But naturally, he doesn't know where to find an IBN 5100 either. Apparently, it was easier to find retro PCs ten years ago, back when there were more underground niche stores. Now those stores are all but vanished, driven out by stricter regulations and the inexorable spread of moe culture. So I can't really say it's Moeka's fault that she's not useful. After all, I'm stumped too, and this is only my second day searching. Hunting for an IBN 5100 on a internet auction site is starting to look more appealing than confining my search to Akiba. But again, that would take time and money. That reminds me, Mayuri called before I met with Shining Finger. It's rare for the absent-minded Mayuri to be the one to contact me. I'm usually the one to contact her. I wonder what she wanted. Should I try calling her back? But where could she be now? She's not at work, is she? If she is, then I probably won't be able to get ahold of her.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.
Rintaro: It's me. What's the situation?
Mayuri: Okarin! I just called you!
Rintaro: Yeah. Did something happen?
Mayuri: Actually, try calling Daru-kun.
Rintaro: What? Why?
Mayuri: Daru-kun's at MayQueen right now. You should call him. He'll tell you. Bye bye!
Rintaro: Wait! Hey, Mayuri! Hey!
UNSPOKEN: She hung up. Doesn't look like she wants to explain. Even if I call back, Mayuri will probably just say the same thing. Let's do what Mayuri said. Crap, I messed up. I called someone else.
Itaru: What's up?
Rintaro: It's me. Report the situation.
Itaru: Okarin? You're the only one who talks like that. Did you hear from Mayu-shi?
Rintaro: No, she didn't tell me anything.
Itaru: Well, I'm at MayQueen right now. Mayu-shi did some investigating. Sounds like Faris-tan knows about the IBN 5100.
Rintaro: What!? Faris!?
UNSPOKEN: Don't tell me that catgirl and the IBN 5100 are connected somehow. I can't even imagine how they could be.
Itaru: I understand your confusion, but apparently there are a lot of retro PCs at her home.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: This too is the choice of Steins Gate!
Itaru: I don't get you.
Rintaro: So, is Faris there?
Itaru: Of course. Today's the Faris Cup.
UNSPOKEN: Faris Cup? What's that? I think I remember hearing about it, but I never really paid it any attention.
Itaru: When I showed Faris-tan an image of the IBN 5100, she said she donated a similar PC to a shrine ten years ago. Dunno if it's the one we want, though.
Rintaro: She donated it... to a shrine?
UNSPOKEN: That's an unexpected combination. PCs... and shrines. Consumer electronics... and ancient Shinto rituals. They're not even tangentially related.
Rintaro: Which shrine?
Itaru: Uh, didn't ask. My bad.
Rintaro: Whatever. It's a lead.
UNSPOKEN: The only shrines in Akiba are Kanda Myojin and Yanabayashi Shrine. I don't know if Faris was living in Akiba at the time, but at least it's a start.
Itaru: Well, I'm hanging up. The Faris Cup is about to begin.
Rintaro: I see. Daru, I'm sure you can do it. Be sure to win.
Itaru: Leave it to me!
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is a Faris Cup anyway? No, more importantly, the shrine. Let's contact her, not by phone, but by email. I send an email and get a reply in a matter of minutes. That's it? Call Daru? What does this mean? I guess there's no choice. I'll call Daru. Kanda Myojin is the larger and more popular shrine, so nine out of ten people would choose to donate something there. But when I inquire at the shrine office, nobody knows anything about an old computer. That leaves Yanabayashi Shrine. It's probably not there either, but I have to try. If that fails, I'll have to search all of Tokyo's shrines one by one. The thought alone makes me dizzy, so I set it aside for now.
Rintaro: Who is this?
UNSPOKEN: What? All I can hear is noise. Wrong number? No, maybe--
Rintaro: You're from the Organization, aren't you? Is this a warning? You telling me to stop getting involved with SERN?
???: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Hm? It's a woman's voice. And she clearly doesn't understand what I'm talking about.
Rintaro: You're not from the Organization?
???: ...No. It's Makise.
Rintaro: Makise...
UNSPOKEN: Who? I think I remember this voice from somewhere...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Yesterday? Makise... Makise...
Rintaro: Oh! My assistant!
Kurisu: Not your assistant! Makise Kurisu!
Rintaro: If you don't say Christina, then I have no way of knowing it's you.
Kurisu: I'm not Christina either! How many times do I have to tell you?
Rintaro: You never stop complaining, do you?
Kurisu: Whose fault is that? Whose?
Rintaro: Wait a minute. How do you know my phone number?
UNSPOKEN: Something's not right here. It's not like Kurisu's free of suspicion. She could still be a spy.
Kurisu: Hashida-san told me.
Rintaro: Oh, that's boring. So, what is it, assistant?
Kurisu: I said I'm not your assistant. Haah, what's the point... Where are you now?
Rintaro: I'm headed to Yanabayashi Shrine.
Kurisu: Ah, okay. Bye then.
Rintaro: Huh? What!? What was that!? Is she messing with me!? She's messing with me!
UNSPOKEN: How dare my assistant treat me like this!? I shall scold her most harshly the next time we meet. She thinks she's all that just because she was published in a major journal.
Rintaro: Your accomplishments mean nothing to me.
Kurisu: What are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: When I arrive at Yanabayashi Shrine, I find my assistant waiting there for some reason. She glares at me with her usual frown.
Rintaro: What was that phone call about?
Kurisu: I just wanted to ask you where you were. And since you said you were coming here, I came.
Rintaro: Nobody asked you to come.
Kurisu: And yet, here I am.
UNSPOKEN: Why is she always in such a bad mood?
Rintaro: Why did you come to see me?
Kurisu: Not because I wanted to or anything. Don't get me wrong.
UNSPOKEN: She just keeps those abusive words coming.
Kurisu: ...I can't stop thinking about what you said yesterday.
Rintaro: What I said?
Kurisu: About the IBN 5100. And SERN.
Rintaro: Of course! You're working for SERN, not the Organization! You're here to kill me, aren't you!? That's what I thought! You have the face of a killer!
Kurisu: What's wrong with my face? How rude! Can you calm down a bit? You're always screwing around. I can't believe you're older than me.
Rintaro: Calm down? Hmph! You don't understand what it's like to live on the run, never knowing when the next assassin will strike.
Kurisu: All I'm hearing is gibberish.
Rintaro: You come here to pick a fight?
Kurisu: I just want to know how the IBN 5100 and SERN are related.
Rintaro: Don't you mean you're interested in SERN's time machine research? Be honest with yourself.
Kurisu: Sh-shut up. I'm not interested in time machines at all. More importantly, did you find an IBN 5100?
Rintaro: That's why I'm here.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at Yanabayashi Shrine's small archway.
Kurisu: A shrine?
Rintaro: Correct.
UNSPOKEN: Then, with perfect timing, a beautiful girl -- er, boy -- dressed in miko garb appears from the nearby shrine office, holding a bamboo broom.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...Lukako, why don't you have it?
Luka: Huh? Um, are you talking about Demon Sword Samidare?
Rintaro: I thought I told you to carry it at all times!
Luka: I'm sorry, but, it gets in the way when I'm cleaning, so...
Rintaro: What if they attack while you're cleaning? Nobody's going to come to your rescue, you know.
Luka: Th-that's true... I'll be more careful from now on.
Kurisu: Hey. What are you two talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako finally notices Kurisu and gives me a puzzled look.
Luka: Um... who might this be?
Rintaro: My assistant.
Kurisu: No! What kind of introduction is that!?
Rintaro: I'm only telling the truth, Christina.
Luka: You're n-not Japanese?
Kurisu: I am Japanese.
Rintaro: Anyway, Lukako. I need to talk to your father about--
Kurisu: Wait! Introduce me properly!
Rintaro: You want to be introduced? Properly?
Kurisu: It's unnatural not to be introduced in this situation!
Rintaro: I didn't come here to introduce you to Lukako!
Kurisu: An introduction wouldn't take more than ten seconds! What's wrong with you?
Luka: Um... please don't fight...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's flustered. Looks like he thinks we're fighting.
Rintaro: This is Makise Kurisu. My assistant.
Kurisu: Yeah, whatever. Assistant, whatever... sigh.
Luka: Nice to meet you, Makise-san. I'm Urushibara L-Luka.
Kurisu: Nice to meet you too. How old are you?
Luka: 17 this year.
Kurisu: A year younger than me...
Luka: Oh, really? Makise-san, you're so grown up, I can't believe we're only a year apart.
Rintaro: That means you look old.
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me.
Luka: No, that's not what I... um, I mean you're very beautiful!
Kurisu: Thanks. I think you're very cute.
UNSPOKEN: But he's a guy. I probably shouldn't tell her that. The shock from learning the truth might be enough to make her go back to America.
Rintaro: You're introduced. Happy? Can we move on now?
Kurisu: You are such a jerk.
Rintaro: Anyway, Lukako, I require an audience with your father. Can you make it happen?
Luka: Yes, sure, but why do you need to talk to my dad?
Rintaro: It's a grave matter that concerns the future of mankind.
Luka: The future...
Kurisu: Of mankind?
Luka: I'll go get him!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako races into the shrine office. He believes just about everything I say. He's really easy to deal with, unlike my rebellious assistant.
Kurisu: Achoo! Oh no, did I catch a cold?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's sniffling should keep her too occupied to scold me for awhile. Lukako's father soon appears. Lukako is pretty flustered. He's practically dragging his father behind him.
Luka: Hurry, Dad! Hurry!
Luka’s Father: Slow down a little. If you rush me, I'm going to fall.
Luka: But the future of mankind is at stake!
Luka’s Father: Oh. Well. That's certainly serious.
UNSPOKEN: I've met Lukako's father several times before. He's a gentle, respectable adult. With the exception of how he raised Lukako. Apparently, the reason Lukako wears miko garb is because his father requested it. Maybe his dad's a pervert. No, it's not like I mean to mock the Shinto priesthood or anything like that.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: The honor is mine.
Kurisu: ...His name isn't Hououin. It's Okabe.
Luka’s Father: Oh. Really?
Rintaro: You there, assistant! Stop making things complicated!
Kurisu: I'm just telling the truth.
UNSPOKEN: Tch, what did she come here for?
Luka’s Father: Luka told me his name was Hououin. Hmm, maybe Luka was just playing a trick on me. Hahaha.
Luka: Th-that's not it, Dad. Okabe-san is his real name, and Hououin is, umm...
Rintaro: I am Hououin.
Kurisu: Okabe Rintaro is the name your parents gave you, right? Are you denying that?
Rintaro: Just be quiet, Zombie!
Kurisu: Who's a zombie!?
Luka’s Father: Hahaha. It's great that you all get along.
UNSPOKEN: Luka's dad looks at Kurisu.
Luka’s Father: Are you one of Luka's friends too? Please get along with Luka from now on too.
Kurisu: Um, I'm...
Luka’s Father: As you can see, this child of mine is so delicate.
Luka: C-come on, Dad...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks like she's going to cry for some reason. What's wrong? Is she upset that Luka's father assumes she's a friend? Kurisu notices my stare and quickly turns away.
Luka’s Father: So, Hououin-kun. Did you need me for something?
UNSPOKEN: That's right. This is no time for idle chatter. This meeting will shape the course of Ragnarok! The future of mankind is, well, whatever. I'm a mad scientist, not some sort of hero. I explain to Lukako's father how I need the IBN 5100. And then I ask him if that retro PC was donated to Yanabayashi Shrine. Of course, I don't disclose any classified information, like how we plan to hack SERN or how this is all related to time machine research.
Luka’s Father: I don't know if 'donated' is the right word to use... But an old computer was entrusted to this shrine about nine years ago.
Rintaro: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: No way. Really?
Rintaro: That's it! That has to be it!
Luka’s Father: Please wait here. I'll go get it.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's father comes back in about ten minutes. His face is bright red, and he's carrying a large cardboard box. His gait is fairly unsteady. I wonder if he'll be okay.
Luka’s Father: Whew, it was hard to dig out. I think this is what you're looking for.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: An IBN 5100...!
UNSPOKEN: Inside is a simple computer with an integrated monitor. The monitor is only about as big as a GPS screen. I compare it to the IBN 5100 image I got from Shining Finger. They look very similar.
Luka: Ah, look at this.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako points to the logo between the tape drive and the monitor. It says IBN 5100 Portable Computer.
Rintaro: Muhahaha! MUHAHAHAHA! Finally, I have solved Akiba's urban legend!
UNSPOKEN: This is the phantom PC of Akihabara! It's in excellent condition. There's only a thin layer of dust on it. But it looks like we'll need to plug it in to see if it works. Now, the problem is whether Lukako's father will lend it to me.
Rintaro: Urushibara-shi. I'll be blunt. May I borrow this computer?
Luka’s Father: Sure.
Rintaro: Seriously!?
UNSPOKEN: Is it okay for a priest to just lend property out like that? Items which were donated to the shrine? I've never heard of anything like that. That's why I was expecting him to refuse.
Luka’s Father: When this was entrusted to us, the owner said this. 'If a young man ever appears and says that he needs this computer no matter what, please lend it to him with my blessings.' I didn't think it would actually happen. To be honest, I'd forgotten about it entirely until you reminded me. I'm happy to lend it to you, Hououin-kun. But please be sure to return it when you're done, okay?
Rintaro: Of course! Thank you!
UNSPOKEN: I bow deeply, but in my heart I'm grinning like a madman. Heh heh heh, I can't stop laughing. Things are going better than I anticipated. It's almost like everything's being handed to me on a silver platter. Now SERN's secrets will be laid bare. We can expose their wicked research, and possibly even gather hints on the creation of a time machine. And then, I can complete the first time machine in human history! Now I have to get the IBN 5100 back to the lab. But unfortunately, I don't have a car to transport it. In fact, I don't even have a license. Same goes for my assistant.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: What, something wrong with that? I spend all my time doing research.
Rintaro: You're wasting your youth.
Kurisu: I thought so too, until I met you. Now I realize I'm doing just fine.
UNSPOKEN: ...Touche.
Luka: Umm, no fighting please...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's flustered again.
Rintaro: You're a lifesaver, Lukako. Thank your father again for me.
UNSPOKEN: Luka's dad has already returned to the shrine office. Lukako nods.
Kurisu: Your father is a lovely man.
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako and I freeze at my assistant's nonchalant words.
Luka: M-my father is m-married... a-ad-adultery... is bad!
Kurisu: Huh?
Rintaro: I see, assistant. So you like older men.
Kurisu: Hey, wait! Don't misunderstand, you two. That's not what I meant!
Luka: I-I won't give up my father...
Kurisu: P-please don't cry... I just meant I was jealous of how well you get along with your father. That's all.
Luka: Eh, ah, of course... I'm sorry for the weird misunderstanding! That was so rude of me!
Kurisu: Don't cry. We've resolved the misunderstanding, so it's all okay.
Rintaro: ...but in the depths of your heart lie feelings for Luka's dad.
Kurisu: Die.
UNSPOKEN: Christina turns away. I decide to leave it at that. Angering her any further could lead to violence.
Rintaro: Lukako, don't forget your practice swings with Samidare.
Luka: Y-yes sir. I'll do my best... Umm, El Psy Kongalee...
Rintaro: It's Kongroo! Don't forget it.
Luka: I'm sorry!
Kurisu: Hey! What kind of lowlife teases a girl?
UNSPOKEN: I wouldn't know. Lukako is a guy. I ignore Christina and lift up the box with the IBN 5100 inside.
Rintaro: Hng! ...Gah, it's heavy!
UNSPOKEN: I can barely get it off the ground. I put it down for now. Now I know why Luka's dad was red in the face when he brought this thing in.
Luka: Is it that heavy?
Kurisu: Pathetic. It's only as big as a CRT monitor.
Rintaro: Then why don't you try carrying it? Then you'll understand.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, grabs both ends of the cardboard box, and lifts.
Kurisu: Wheugh...!
UNSPOKEN: She strains with all her might, but gives up without lifting it even a centimeter.
Kurisu: ...It's r-really heavy.
UNSPOKEN: She blushes slightly, but still maintains her usual frown. My assistant seems to have a strong competitive spirit.
Kurisu: This thing's gotta weigh like 30 kilos. Maybe we should've borrowed a push cart. Urushibara-san, is there one in the shrine?
Luka: Umm, there is one, but actually, it's broken... I'm sorry.
Kurisu: Oh. Is there some other place we could borrow--
Rintaro: No, we don't need a push cart.
Kurisu: Then how are you going to bring it back? It takes about ten minutes to walk to your run-down lab from here.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: So that's why... Well, if we carry it together, we might be able to manage, but... But I refuse.
Rintaro: ...huh?
Kurisu: I... I said 'no!'
Rintaro: I'm pretty sure you said 'but I refuse.'
Kurisu: Sh-shut up. I said no.
UNSPOKEN: But I refuse is a famous manga quote. Could Kurisu be an @channeler?
Kurisu: The whole reason you made me a lab mem was to 'borrow my knowledge'. From this, it is elementary to derive the following: 'I won't do physical labor.'
Rintaro: I see. Then I guess I have no choice. I'll do my best to carry it, but...
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Lukako. He twitches when he notices my look, then timidly raises his hand with tears in his eyes.
Luka: Um, th-then, I will...
Kurisu: Eh? You're going to help? Will you be okay?
Luka: Yes, I'll d-do my best.
Rintaro: No, Lukako. I shouldn't make you help me. I can manage by myself.
Luka: But... we're friends, Okabe-san. I want to help you.
Rintaro: No, I'll do it myself.
Luka: I-I'll help you!
Kurisu: Th-then, umm... me too...
Rintaro: Please, go ahead.
Kurisu: Eh? Wha!?
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don't you know, Christina? This is what you call a Japanese Gag!
Kurisu: You sneaky...
Rintaro: Thanks for the backup, Lukako! Now that that's settled, my assistant will help me carry the computer, so you don't have to help. Thanks for the offer.
Luka: Ah, okay... if that's how it is, then...
Rintaro: Now, assistant! Since you volunteered, I won't let you refuse. Grab hold and heave!
Kurisu: ...Fine.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I lift up the cardboard box. The burden's considerably easier when distributed between two people.
Kurisu: Why do we have to be face to face?
UNSPOKEN: We're positioned so that we're looking at each other. But there's no other way to hold it, so what can you do?
Rintaro: Let's just go.
UNSPOKEN: I start to walk out of the shrine.
Kurisu: Hey! Stop stop stop! I said stop!
Rintaro: You're a noisy one.
Kurisu: Don't walk forwards. Then I have to walk backwards. Let's walk sideways.
Rintaro: Whatever. Get moving, assistant.
Kurisu: Hey, listen, please, just listen! I can't walk backwards!
Rintaro: Of course you can. You're my assistant.
Kurisu: I appreciate the vote of confidence, but I can't! I'm asking you to go sideways! No, I'm telling you to go sideways! Sideways! I'm going to fall!
UNSPOKEN: It's dark by the time we get to the lab. It's normally less than a fifteen minute walk, but since Kurisu kept begging to take breaks, it ended up taking twice as long.
Kurisu: Haah, we finally made it... I'm exhausted...
Rintaro: If you didn't complain so much about every little thing, we would've gotten here sooner.
Kurisu: Right back at you. You stopped to take a break at least five times along the way.
Rintaro: That's because I wasn't feeling well...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: It's just... occasionally, my right arm aches... and when it does, dark destructive impulses overcome my soul--
Kurisu: Shut up, or I'll tear the peripheral nerves out of that arm.
UNSPOKEN: Holy crap. There's something wrong with this girl! Rip out my nerves? That's like something from last year's New-Gen Incidents! Okay, I'll shut up. Let's bring the IBN 5100 into the lab. The final barrier awaits. We have to ascend this rickety building's narrow staircase.
Kurisu: Shouldn't you get your friends to help?
Rintaro: You're right.
UNSPOKEN: I check the window. The lab's lights are on.
Suzuha: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior comes out of the Braun Tube Workshop with perfect timing.
Suzuha: If it isn't Okabe Rintaro. What'cha got there?
Rintaro: Hmph, you want to know? Then I'll tell you!
Kurisu: Wait! If you're just going to stand and talk, shouldn't we put the box down first?
Rintaro: Y-yeah... actually, wait, this will only take a second.
Suzuha: Well? What is it?
Rintaro: What if I told you... it's an IBN 5100?
Suzuha: No way! You found it!? Wow! Way to go, Okabe Rintaro!
UNSPOKEN: I wish she'd stop calling me by my full name. If she's going to do that, she should at least call me Hououin Kyouma.
Suzuha: Where was it?
Kurisu: Ugh, it's heavy...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts giving in. I'm about at my limit too.
Rintaro: Let's put it down!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I place it on the ground gently, so as to not damage the contents.
Kurisu: Haah...
Suzuha: So, where was it?
Rintaro: Yanabayashi Shrine.
Suzuha: Yanabayashi Shrine? You mean like a Shinto shrine?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Suzuha: Why was it there...
UNSPOKEN: Then, suddenly, Suzuha looks at Kurisu.
Suzuha: Ah...!
UNSPOKEN: She gasps, then approaches Kurisu until they're close enough to feel each other's breath.
Kurisu: Y-yes?
Suzuha: Makise Kurisu?
Kurisu: Yes...?
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, she stares at Kurisu with frightful intensity. Kurisu narrows her eyes in opposition. Wh-what's going on here? I can't move a muscle, the air's so thick with tension.
Kurisu: What is it? Have I done something wrong?
Suzuha: ...Hmph.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha turns away, and without looking back, disappears into the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: Who was that?
UNSPOKEN: Now Kurisu demands answers from me.
Rintaro: She works part-time at that store.
Kurisu: Why was she glaring at me?
Rintaro: How should I know? Did you do something to make her angry?
Kurisu: I've never seen her before in my life. How rude.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu picked a fight with me the first time we met too. But that was a hallucination, so I don't say anything. I get Daru and Mayuri to come down and help us, and the four of us carry the IBN 5100 upstairs.
Rintaro: Good work, everyone. With this, we can fight.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: SERN, and the system that rules the world.
Kurisu: If that's what makes you happy...
Rintaro: Happy? I do not desire happiness. Have you forgotten? I am an insane mad scientist! What I desire is chaos. The time machine exists to bring chaos to the world. MUHAHAHAHA!
Kurisu: Never mind happiness. You're like a junkie hypersecreting beta endorphins.
Mayuri: Okarin? I don't want you doing bad things, remember?
Itaru: But wow! I can't believe you found one. You make the impossible look easy! That's why we love you! That's why we ad--
Kurisu: I certainly don't admire him.
Itaru: ...Eh?
Rintaro: Eh?
Kurisu: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: For a moment, there is complete silence.
Mayuri: It's all thanks to Mayushii!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, oblivious as always, puffs out her chest with pride. But I don't miss Kurisu's relieved sigh. She keeps dropping manga quotes. Does this mean what I think it means?
Mayuri: Without Mayushii's info, Okarin would still be lost on the streets of Akiba.
Rintaro: Mayuri's right. She did well this time.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Anyway, it's time for Mayushii to go home. What about you, Chris-chan? Wanna go together?
Kurisu: Thanks. But I'm going to stay here a little longer.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu's interested in the IBN 5100 and SERN after all. That reminds me. I haven't filled her in yet.
Mayuri: Okay. But you should go home before it gets too late. See you tomorrow! Tutturu♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waves her hand as she leaves.
Rintaro: Now then, Daru. When do you think we can use the IBN 5100 to hack SERN?
Itaru: Hmm... well...
UNSPOKEN: Daru talks as he plugs the IBN 5100's power adapter into the wall. He turns the machine on, and the power supply begins to make a turbulent noise.
Itaru: Wow, it actually turned on. First I need to learn how to use this thing. It looks like hooking it up is gonna be a pain. It might take a while. I can't play with this thing and search for the server admin's ID at the same time.
Rintaro: Alright. Prioritize the ID search. If possible, I'd like you to get the IBN 5100 ready to use this month, though.
Itaru: There's still 30 days left this month. It's not gonna take that long.
UNSPOKEN: That's my super hacka.
Rintaro: ...?
UNSPOKEN: I don't recognize the number, so I decide to ignore the call. It could be an Organization assassin trying to lure me into a trap.
Rintaro: I'm wise to your tricks, fiend!
UNSPOKEN: I don't bother calling back. When I enter the courtyard, I see a beautiful girl -- er, boy -- in miko robes sweeping with a bamboo broom.
Luka: Ah, Oka... Kyouma-san, hello.
Rintaro: ...Lukako, why don't you have it?
Luka: Huh? Um, are you talking about Demon Sword Samidare?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: I'm sorry, but it gets in the way when I'm cleaning...
Rintaro: What are you going to do if they attack while you're cleaning? Nobody's going to come to your rescue, you know.
Luka: Th-that's true... I'll be more careful from now on.
Rintaro: By the way, Lukako. I need to talk to your father. Can you go get him?
Luka: Yes, I can, but, what do you need to talk to him about?
Rintaro: Serious business, critical for the future of mankind.
Luka: The future... of mankind!? I-I'll go get him!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako rushes into the shrine office. He'll believe just about anything I say. Lukako's father soon appears. Lukako is pretty flustered. He's practically dragging his father behind him.
Luka: Hurry, dad! Hurry!
Luka’s Father: Slow down a little. If you rush me, I'm going to fall.
Luka: But the future of mankind is at stake!
Luka’s Father: Oh. Well. That's certainly serious.
UNSPOKEN: I've met Lukako's father several times before. He's a gentle, respectable adult. With the exception of how he raised Lukako. Apparently, the reason Lukako wears miko garb is because his father requested it. Maybe his dad's a pervert. No, it's not like I mean to mock the Shinto priesthood or anything like that.
Luka’s Father: Ah, Hououin-kun. It's been a while. Thank you for always taking care of Luka.
Rintaro: The honor is mine.
Luka’s Father: Did you need me for something?
Luka: Th-that's right...! The future of mankind...!
Luka’s Father: That sounds serious.
UNSPOKEN: Luka's father deflects his son's panic with a gentle smile. Impressive. He knows how to brush someone off without making them feel bad. Maybe I should take notes. Anyway. I explain to Lukako's father about how I need an IBN 5100. I ask him if there's one at the shrine. Of course, I don't disclose any classified information, like how we plan to hack SERN or how this is all related to time machine research.
Luka’s Father: I don't know if 'donated' is the right word to use... But an old computer was entrusted to this shrine about nine years ago.
Rintaro: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: No way. Really?
Rintaro: That's it! That has to be it!
Luka’s Father: Please wait here. I'll go get it.
UNSPOKEN: Luka's dad comes back in about 10 minutes. His face is bright red, and he's carrying a large cardboard box. His gait is fairly unsteady. I wonder if he'll be okay.
Luka’s Father: Whew, it was hard to dig out. I think this is what you're looking for.
UNSPOKEN: Luka's dad places the box on the ground and takes a deep breath as he rubs his back. Was it that heavy? I thank him and take a look inside.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Inside is a simple computer with an integrated monitor. The monitor is only about as big as a GPS screen. I compare it to the IBN 5100 image I got from Shining Finger. They look very similar.
Luka: Ah, look at this.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako points to the logo between the tape drive and the monitor. It says IBN 5100 Portable Computer.
Rintaro: Muhaha! MUHAHAHA! Finally, I have solved Akiba's urban legend!
UNSPOKEN: This is the phantom PC of Akihabara! It's in excellent condition. There's only a thin layer of dust on it. But it looks like we'll need to plug it in to see if it works. Now, the problem is whether Lukako's father will lend it to me.
Rintaro: Urushibara-shi. I'll be blunt. May I borrow this computer?
Luka’s Father: Sure.
Rintaro: Seriously!?
UNSPOKEN: Is it okay for a priest to just lend property out like that? Items which were donated to the shrine? I've never heard of anything like that. That's why I was expecting him to refuse.
Luka’s Father: When this was entrusted to us, the owner said this. 'If a young man ever appears and says that he needs this computer no matter what, please lend it to him with my blessings.' I didn't think it would actually happen. To be honest, I'd forgotten about it entirely until you reminded me. I'm happy to lend it to you, Hououin-kun. But please be sure to return it when you're done, okay?
Rintaro: Of course! Thank you!
UNSPOKEN: I bow deeply, but in my heart I'm grinning like a madman. Heh heh heh, I can't stop laughing. Things are going better than I anticipated. It's almost like everything's being handed to me on a silver platter. Now SERN's secrets will be laid bare. We can expose their wicked research, and possibly even gather hints on the creation of a time machine. And then, I can complete the first time machine in human history! Now I have to bring the IBN 5100 back to the lab. But unfortunately, I don't have a car to transport it. In fact, I don't even have a license. I try asking Lukako's father if he'll drive it to the lab, but he has a neighborhood assembly to attend, and declines with a smile.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Fortunately, the lab is less than a 15 minute walk from here.
Luka: It looks pretty heavy...
Rintaro: Hmph. No matter how heavy it may look, it's still just a computer. I can manage.
UNSPOKEN: I try lifting up the cardboard box with the IBN 5100 inside.
Rintaro: Huff! ...Gah, it's heavy!
UNSPOKEN: It'll take everything I've got to carry this all the way. I put it down for now. Now I know why Lukako's father was red in the face when he carried this thing.
Luka: A-are you okay?
Rintaro: Kuh... why now!?
UNSPOKEN: I grab my right wrist.
Rintaro: My right hand... is aching!
Luka: B-but, that means...! Umm, umm, I-I'll perform an exorcism!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako turns to go get his miko tools, but I grab his hand to stop him.
Rintaro: Wait... d-don't go... I'm still okay...
Luka: B-but Kyouma-san, you look like you're in pain! Wh-what should I do...
Rintaro: It's okay... it'll stop soon... you don't need to worry... But... I have a request. Will you hear me out?
Luka: Y-yes, if it's something I can do!
Rintaro: Please help me... carry this box.
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's eyes quickly fill with tears.
Luka: B-but I'm not strong at all...
Rintaro: We can manage... together. You're the only one I can depend on now.
Luka: Kyouma-san...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako gazes straight into my eyes, then looks away apologetically.
Luka: I don't know if I can do it...
Rintaro: You can do it. I know you can.
Luka: ...Okay. But, um, if we can take breaks along the way, I'd be happy...
UNSPOKEN: That settles it. I grab one side of the cardboard box.
Rintaro: Alright, Lukako, grab the other side.
Luka: Um... is your arm... okay now?
Rintaro: No. We can't let our guard down. This might only be temporary. We need to get this to the lab before I have a relapse.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako makes a mad dash to the cardboard box.
Luka: I'll do my best! But I'm not confident...
Rintaro: Don't worry. I'll support you.
UNSPOKEN: With that said, we lift up the box on the count of three. It's easier than carrying it alone, but it's still heavy. It sure is going to be hard to carry this for 15 minutes.
Luka: Ugh! I-it's heavy!
Rintaro: Brace your legs! Let's keep going. We'll move sideways, okay? Don't move forwards or backwards!
Luka: Kayyy... Um, sideways, as in left? Right!?
Rintaro: Right... no, my right, so your left... go left!
Luka: Okaayyyyy... B-but, my hand, my hand is cramping...
UNSPOKEN: Tch, he's giving in faster than expected! We haven't even left the shrine!
Rintaro: Fight, Lukako! And whatever you do, don't drop it! We're screwed if it breaks!
Luka: Ugh, ugghhh...
UNSPOKEN: This is going to be tough. It's dark by the time we get to the lab. It's normally less than a fifteen minute walk, but since we had to stop a few times to let Lukako rest, it ended up taking twice as long.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Yeah... thanks for the help... you're... a lifesaver... Phew, really... thanks...
Luka: Ah, no...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako starts fidgeting.
Luka: Since you're my master, Kyouma-san, I'm happy... to be of use to you.
UNSPOKEN: He doesn't wipe the sweat off his brow. But despite that, Lukako turns to me with a brave smile as he speaks. So cute... But he's a guy. It's so disappointing! I look up to the second floor to see the lights turned on. Let's get the IBN 5100 into the lab. The final barrier awaits. We have to ascend this rickety building's narrow staircase. That's surely impossible for just Lukako and me. Might as well call for help.
Rintaro: Come forth, my servants! By the covenant I command thee, grant me thy power!
Luka: K-Kyouma-san!?
UNSPOKEN: The second story window opens when I cry out. The face that appears is--
Kurisu: You're so annoying! What is it!?
Rintaro: Huh, I summoned an assistant. What are you doing here?
Kurisu: Who're you calling an assistant? You wouldn't pick up your phone, so I've been waiting here an hour for you.
UNSPOKEN: My phone? That reminds me. Before I went to Yanabayashi Shrine, I got a call from an unknown number. So that was her?
Mayuri: Hi, Okarin! Huh? Luka-kun's with you!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri appears behind my assistant. Lukako waves to Mayuri. At the same time, the door to the Braun Tube Workshop opens.
Suzuha: Hey, Okabe Rintaro. The boss says to quiet down. You're disturbing the neighbors.
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior appears. Well, that's plenty of help. It's disappointing that they're all girls, but I'll compromise for quantity over quality.
Rintaro: Assemble, servants! We have a mission of the utmost secrecy! Come!
UNSPOKEN: Obeying my command, Mayuri, my assistant, and Part-Time Warrior all walk over to me.
Mayuri: What's this?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri peeks inside the cardboard box with great interest.
Suzuha: Wait... you got one?
Rintaro: Indeed I did.
Suzuha: No way! Amazing! Way to go, Okabe Rintaro! Where did you find it?
Rintaro: Yanabayashi Shrine.
Suzuha: Yanbayashi Shrine? You mean, like a Shinto shrine?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Suzuha: What was it doing there...
UNSPOKEN: The warrior looks confused for some reason.
Mayuri: Oh! So that's why Luka-kun's with you.
Luka: Y-yeah...
Kurisu: What's this? What're you talking about?
Luka: Um, the IBN... two thousand... five thousand... what was it?
Rintaro: I got an IBN 5100.
Kurisu: Oh, that thing you were talking about yesterday.
Suzuha: Ah...!
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Suzuha gasps when she sees my assistant. And then, she approaches until they're close enough to feel each other's breath.
Kurisu: Y-yes?
Suzuha: Makise Kurisu?
Kurisu: Yes...?
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, she stares at Kurisu with frightful intensity. Kurisu narrows her eyes and meets Suzuha's stare. Wh-what's going on here? I can't move a muscle, the air's so thick with tension.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: ...Hmph.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha turns away, and without looking back, disappears into the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: Who was that?
Mayuri: Oh, she works part-time at the Braun Tube Workshop. Her name's Suzu-san!
Rintaro: I know.
UNSPOKEN: I don't know about the Suzu-san part, though.
Mayuri: You do?
Kurisu: Why was she glaring at me like that?
Rintaro: How should I know? Did you do something to make her angry?
Kurisu: I've never seen her before in my life. How rude.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu picked a fight with me the first time we met too. But that was a hallucination, so I don't say anything.
Rintaro: Anyway, help me out here. We're taking this thing into the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's departure decreases the number of helpers, but the four of us should be enough. By the time we wrestle the IBN 5100 into the lab, every one of us is out of breath. Daru's at his computer eating potato chips.
Rintaro: Hey! Why didn't you help!?
Itaru: Well, you didn't call me.
Rintaro: I said all members assemble, didn't I!?
UNSPOKEN: Since Daru didn't come, the three girls -- err, two girls and one crossdressing boy -- are all worn out. Mayuri and Lukako are clearly not cut out for physical labor, and Kurisu did nothing but complain.
Kurisu: Haah, haah... why do I... have to...
Mayuri: So tired...
Luka: I can't walk any more...
Rintaro: Good work, you three.
UNSPOKEN: I pick three bananas from the bunch on the table and distribute them among the three worn-out girls.
Rintaro: This is my thanks for helping. Eat up.
Luka: Thank you! I'm so happy!
Mayuri: But those are Mayushii's bananas...
Rintaro: That reminds me, Mayuri. It's thanks to you that I got this IBN 5100. If it weren't for your information, it would've taken forever to find it.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Really? I'm glad I was useful.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri happily takes a bite of her banana.
Kurisu: What are you going to use the IBN 5100 for? Yesterday you said something about SERN.
Rintaro: You interested, Christina?
Kurisu: I'm not Christina, and I'm not interested. If you don't want to tell me, then I don't really care.
UNSPOKEN: But to me, it looks like she's dying to know. It's evident by the way she keeps glancing at the cardboard box.
Rintaro: This artifact is needed for the war against SERN.
Kurisu: War? SERN's a research institution.
Rintaro: Ostensibly, yes.
Kurisu: ...What are you trying to do? Depending on the situation, I could turn you over to the police, you know?
Rintaro: Hmph, the police? Do you really think a mad scientist like me is afraid of the police? I've spent my life on the run from the Organization, a more fearsome enemy than you can possibly imagine.
Kurisu: You can't be serious. Tell me what you're trying to do.
UNSPOKEN: You know, she's really pompous for an assistant.
Rintaro: We'll have plenty of time to talk about that later. More importantly, Daru, when do you think we can use the IBN 5100 to hack SERN?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru talks as he plugs the IBN 5100's power adapter into the wall. He turns the machine on, and the power supply begins to make a turbulent noise.
Itaru: Wow, it actually turned on. First I need to learn how to use this thing. It looks like hooking it up is gonna be a pain. It might take a while. I can't play with this thing and search for the server admin's ID at the same time.
Rintaro: Alright. Prioritize the ID search. If possible, I'd like you to get the IBN 5100 ready to use this month, though.
Itaru: There's still 30 days left this month. It's not gonna take that long.
UNSPOKEN: That's my super hacka.
Mayuri: We're gonna take off now, okay?
Luka: Um, pardon the intrusion.
UNSPOKEN: The two of them finish their bananas and get ready to leave.
Rintaro: You two did well today. Be proud.
Kurisu: You're so full of yourself.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, you not going home? You can walk with us to the station if you want.
Kurisu: Thanks. But I'm going to stay here a little longer.
Mayuri: Okay. See you later! Tutturu♪
Luka: Excuse me.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako wave goodbye and head out the door.
Kurisu: Well?
Rintaro: Well, what?
Kurisu: I'm asking for an explanation. What's this about the IBN 5100 and SERN? Hey, Okabe.
Rintaro: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: I look up. Kurisu is glaring at me.
Rintaro: What did you just call me?
Kurisu: I called you O-Okabe.
Rintaro: You called me Okabe?
UNSPOKEN: I take one step towards Kurisu. And she takes a step back.
Itaru: Time out, time out!
UNSPOKEN: Daru tries to hold me back, but I shake him off and take a step closer. Kurisu doesn't step back this time. Without taking her eyes off me, she bites her lip hard and curls her hands into fists.
Rintaro: Did you just call me Okabe?
Kurisu: ...I did. Problem? Yes, I'm younger than you, but you insist on calling me by ridiculous names like Christina and Zombie, so I don't think I need to show you any respect by adding '-san', and besides--
Rintaro: That's not the problem!
Kurisu: !!
Rintaro: I am not Okabe! I am HOUOUIN KYOUMA! How many times do I have to tell you, Christina!?
Kurisu: ...God, you're so full of yourself.
Rintaro: From now on, call me Hououin. That or Kyouma.
Kurisu: No.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu snaps at me and turns away. Are those tears I see in her eyes?
Rintaro: Are you... crying?
Kurisu: I'm not crying! It's not like I was scared of you for a second there or anything, and I definitely wasn't relieved when you started talking like an idiot again, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: She stalks over to the window and stares outside. I see her wipe her eyes with the back of her hand. Seems she was crying after all.
Rintaro: Daru, why is my assistant crying?
Itaru: Uh, she said so herself just now.
Rintaro: All I did was correct her on my name.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Well, whatever. Back to checking mail. But I'm thirsty from this hard day's work. So before that, I take a fresh Dr P out of the fridge.
Kurisu: Hey, aren't you going to tell me what's going on?
UNSPOKEN: I toss the bottle to Kurisu once she turns around.
Kurisu: Kya!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu tries to catch it, but fails magnificently. She picks the bottle up off the floor, then shoots me a glare.
Rintaro: I'll explain in a second. Drink that while you wait.
Kurisu: ...Gee, thanks.
UNSPOKEN: I need to send a reply to Shining Finger. She ended up being no help at all, but I suppose I can't just say nothing. I got the goods. Over. I send as concise a message as possible.
Rintaro: Now then...
UNSPOKEN: I turn back to Kurisu, but the reply comes before I can open my mouth. Turnaround in less than five seconds. She must have her phone in hand 24/7. That's the only possible explanation. Gimme? What nonsense is this? Sorry, but I'm not the owner. I can't just give it to you. I send that. Another instant reply. Guh... It's easy to imagine what will happen if I lend it to her. She'll disappear, and I'll never see the IBN 5100 again. No borrowing either. You can come over to our lab if you want to see it, but no touching. I add the lab's address and send the mail. No more replies come.
Rintaro: Sorry for the wait, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: I look up and see Kurisu drinking the Dr P.
Rintaro: Oh? You're a fan of the Doc, I see.
Kurisu: I've lived seven years at its birthplace, after all.
Rintaro: Excellent. We'll make great drinking buddies.
Kurisu: I'm a minor.
Rintaro: That's not what I meant. I meant Dr P drinking buddies.
Kurisu: Is that all you drink?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and takes another swig, signaling me to talk. And so, I explain how Daru and I hacked into SERN. And how they've already had the LHC in operation for nine years. And how they've successfully created mini black holes. And how it looks like they're researching time travel. And also how they haven't disclosed any of that to the world. Kurisu's expression grows more and more intense as she listens to the story.
Kurisu: SERN certainly is acting strange... but how's the IBN 5100 involved?
Rintaro: SERN's database uses an IBN 5100.
Kurisu: So?
Rintaro: Allow me to explain. My trusted Super Hacka, Mister Daru--
Itaru: It's not super hacka. How many times do I have to tell you?
Rintaro: Super Hacker Mister Daru, has hacked into SERN.
Kurisu: Is that okay? Won't they catch you?
Itaru: I wouldn't make a blunder like that.
Kurisu: That's not what I meant.
Rintaro: As a result, we found evidence that those bastards are researching time travel with the LHC.
Kurisu: The LHC?
Itaru: Seriously. We have the evidence. And guess what? The LHC has been in operation for nine years.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: And they've successfully generated mini black holes.
Kurisu: No way... Then why haven't they made an official announcement!?
Rintaro: That's just it. For some reason, those bastards won't announce any of it. That the LHC has been operating for nine years. That they've successfully created mini black holes. That they're researching time travel. Basically, it's proof that SERN has--
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. Another email. I'll start over.
Rintaro: Basically, it's proof that SERN has something to hide. Can't you just smell the conspiracy?
Kurisu: I don't believe in conspiracies, but... If you can prove what you said is real, then I might be surprised. SERN doing time travel research... Ah, but what about the IBN 5100? How is that involved?
Rintaro: SERN's database uses--
UNSPOKEN: Another email. There's only one person who can send them this fast. That mail demon! Didn't I tell her to give it a rest!?
Rintaro: Sorry. Daru, please continue the explanation.
UNSPOKEN: I excuse myself and open the email. It's a reply to my earlier email. She's so impatient. Kurisu is glaring at me. Better make the reply brief. I got an IBN 5100. I can't lend it to you, but if you want to see it, you can come to our lab. I send the email after adding the lab's address, and close my phone.
Rintaro: So, how far did you get?
Itaru: Up to the point where SERN's using IBN 5100 code for their database.
Rintaro: So basically, what that means is-- The only way to decrypt that database is to use an IBN 5100 of our own.
Kurisu: How do you know that?
Rintaro: I have my sources.
UNSPOKEN: I don't drop Titor's name. I have no doubt this genius girl would laugh if I did. Kurisu puts a finger to her lip, deep in thought.
Kurisu: Setting the IBN 5100 and such aside... I want to see proof that SERN's really doing that sort of research.
UNSPOKEN: True, we didn't get any definite proof of SERN's time travel research last time we hacked them.
Rintaro: Daru. Will it take much longer to find the server admin's account?
Itaru: Actually, I was just thinking about doing that. It shouldn't take more than half a day, I guess.
Rintaro: There you go.
Kurisu: ...I'll wait until then.
Itaru: You'll wait? It's already getting dark. Why not go home for tonight and come back tomorrow morning?
Kurisu: No thanks. I'll wait. I want to know as soon as possible, even if it's just a microsecond sooner.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, that's the spirit. You're already fascinated by the conspiracy. You can't help but want to know what lies at the heart of SERN.
Kurisu: If what you guys are saying is true... then this isn't something to joke about. SERN is the world's top research institution. If they're doing secret experiments without publishing their results... They're making fools of scientists the world over. That's only if it's true, though.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Anyway, Daru. I'll leave it to you.
UNSPOKEN: According to Daru's research, the IBN 5100 weighs 25 kilos. For now, we'll leave it on the shelf in the development room. We carry the cardboard box to the room, half dragging it. Kurisu follows.
Kurisu: Can you show me the PhoneWave?
Rintaro: Indeed I can. Want to experiment?
Kurisu: You haven't been able to send another email to the past yet, right? Do you know why?
UNSPOKEN: I can only shake my head.
Kurisu: Let's run some tests.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks around the development room.
Kurisu: Man. You have a ton of junk.
Rintaro: It's not junk! Since you're new to the Future Gadget Laboratory, I'll explain. These are the glorious fruits of our science: the Future Gadgets! Future Gadgets 1-7 are stored here. The PhoneWave, with which you are already familiar, is Gadget Number 8.
Kurisu: Future Gadgets, huh...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu casually picks Future Gadget 4: Moad Snake up from the shelf and stares at it.
Kurisu: Hey. Isn't this... a weapon?
Rintaro: Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake, designed after a claymore landmine, is an instant humidifier.
Kurisu: How confusing.
Rintaro: Insert water and turn the power on, and in mere seconds, it generates a thick cloud of steam.
Kurisu: So it's junk. I thought so.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and returns Moad Snake to the shelf.
Kurisu: I'm borrowing this.
UNSPOKEN: Without waiting for a reply, she grabs Daru's never-worn lab coat from the shelf and puts it on gallantly.
Rintaro: Whoa!
Kurisu: It's just not right without a lab coat.
UNSPOKEN: Overcome with emotion, I seize Kurisu's hand and grasp it firmly.
Kurisu: Hey!
Rintaro: Assistant! You get it, don't you!?
Kurisu: G-get what? Let go!
Rintaro: If you're gonna do science, you need a lab coat! Right!?
UNSPOKEN: I told Daru over and over, but he wouldn't wear one. But my assistant is different. She put it on before I even said anything!
Rintaro: I knew you were meant for this, Christina! You're the best assistant a mad scientist could ask for!
Kurisu: I don't know if that's supposed to be a compliment, but it's coming off as an insult. Now let go!
UNSPOKEN: She shakes off my hand and turns her back to me.
Rintaro: I'm giving you that lab coat to commemorate your joining the lab. Don't worry. It's never been worn. Or maybe this fateful encounter between you and that lab coat was decided by destiny long ago. Daru not wearing it was just another inevitability. This is the choice of Steins--
Kurisu: Shut up so we can start the experiment.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts both hands into her lab coat's pockets, then bends down to look at the time machine now placed underneath the table. The previous experiment broke the table and even left a hole in the floor. There's a danger that will happen again if we successfully reproduce the discharge phenomenon, so unfortunately, we'll have to leave it on the floor for now.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I point to the X68000. There's code on the screen.
Rintaro: It's in terminal mode now. We can change the factory settings like this, make the microwave do things its manufacturer never intended.
Kurisu: How was it set when the discharge phenomenon occurred?
Rintaro: Nothing out of the ordinary. It was at factory settings.
Kurisu: Hmm. I'll take a banana.
UNSPOKEN: The bunch of bananas only has three bananas left.
Rintaro: Those are Mayuri's.
Kurisu: Oh, so I don't need your permission, then. I'll go buy new bananas tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu takes one banana from the bunch, squats down, and places it inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). She begins to type on her phone. She pushes send, and the PhoneWave (name subject to change) begins to turn backwards. After 120 seconds, the chime rings.
Kurisu: ...Nothing happened.
UNSPOKEN: The banana's still in the microwave, un-gelified.
Kurisu: Ow!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu yelps as she tries to take out the banana, and quickly draws back her hand. She starts blowing on her fingers.
Kurisu: It's hot.
Rintaro: Meaning the microwave functioned normally.
UNSPOKEN: This proves that the hidden function Mayuri found wasn't a freezing function. But we knew that already. Undaunted, Kurisu throws in a new banana, and once again begins reverse rotation for 120 seconds. But the second banana warms up too. We can't reproduce the gelification phenomenon, much less send mail to the past.
Rintaro: What does this mean...
Kurisu: I guess what happened earlier was an irregularity after all.
Rintaro: I don't know if it's an irregularity or not, but we ought to investigate the cause.
Kurisu: I agree.
UNSPOKEN: We agree for once. But Kurisu's motives and my motives are probably the exact opposite. My assistant here wants to disprove my theory that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is, in fact, a time machine.
Rintaro: In the previous experiment... After spending 120 seconds in the PhoneWave (name subject to change), the banana teleported back to the bunch gelified. We should consider that it returned to its state 120 seconds before.
Kurisu: Wrong. If it returned to its state 120 seconds before, it wouldn't be gelified.
UNSPOKEN: So she wants to say that because it was gelified, it didn't travel back in time.
Rintaro: The chicken returned to its frozen state without gelifying.
Kurisu: That logic is dubious. Sure it ended up frozen, but did you examine the possibility that it might have gelified first?
UNSPOKEN: No... I didn't. I think Mayuri ate the refrozen chicken.
Rintaro: Salt didn't gelify.
Kurisu: You mean nothing changed.
Rintaro: After the discharge phenomenon occurred last time, we spent all night experimenting with cabbage, radishes, rice, konjac, melon bread, Crunchy-kun, and cup noodles. Nothing happened. The same thing with liquids. On that day, our success rate took a 180 degree turn. Before the discharge phenomenon, everything succeeded. After the discharge phenomenon, everything failed.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Here, we should think under the assumptions of time travel theory.
Kurisu: No. It's not good to start thinking from the conclusion.
Rintaro: We've already had several successful experiments. You can't deny that.
Kurisu: I'm not especially concerned whether this thing is a time machine or not. To begin with, it's physically impossible for this tiny little microwave to produce energy equivalent to the big bang.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns deeply.
Kurisu: We can't reproduce the discharge phenomenon, nor the fractalization. There should be a reason why. We haven't changed our methods. We haven't changed the settings. We haven't changed the experimental subjects either. There must be some other variable.
Rintaro: Maybe it's the one who observes it.
Kurisu: What do you mean by that?
Rintaro: Quantum theory. The observer is an important element to the experiment.
Kurisu: There were four of us here when the discharge phenomenon occurred last time. But before that, it occurred when Hashida-san was alone. Each time fractalization occurred, there were either two or three people observing. You and I each saw both phenomena. In other words, the conditions haven't changed.
Rintaro: In that case...
Kurisu: Hmmm...
UNSPOKEN: There must be some other variable. It's on the tip of my tongue. Then I hear a rumbling sound from Kurisu's stomach.
Rintaro: Hungry?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! I haven't eaten anything since lunch.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away as she looks at her watch.
Kurisu: It's already 8?
Rintaro: Just eat a banana. But only one of the two we just warmed. They are, after all, the fruit of our experiments. Or you could take something from our stock of cup noodles. Don't want any? Well, since you have lived in America for so long, I guess you'd prefer fast food instead--
Kurisu: Cup noodles.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: I'll have cup noodles.
Rintaro: Cup noodles!?
Kurisu: What flavors?
Rintaro: There's soy sauce flavor and chicken flavor.
Kurisu: Chicken.
UNSPOKEN: She seems in the mood to eat.
Kurisu: Also... do you have a fork?
UNSPOKEN: It's past midnight. At 8 o'clock, the two of us silently ate cup noodles and warm bananas -- Daru said he didn't want any -- and ever since then, we've been examining the PhoneWave (name subject to change). I've mainly focused on the terminal mode settings through the X68000. The programs Daru wrote are all Wizard-class though, so I can't understand most of them. Kurisu's been examining the AC adapter and the lab's electrical switchboard for a while. Though we stopped her when she tried to disassemble them. It's early morning, and she still shows no sign of leaving. Where is she staying anyway? She's been in Japan for one or two months, and she did say she was going back to America this month. The trains aren't running this late, so I guess she might not be able to leave even if she wants to. But in that case, why didn't she leave before the trains stopped? Don't tell me she plans to stay!? No girls have ever stayed over at the lab. Mayuri has a curfew, so she always goes back home to Ikebukuro. Daru and I frequently stay here, though. It's not an exaggeration to say we live here half the time. Maybe it's normal for American girls to stay overnight in labs.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: No need.
Rintaro: What? Do your parents let you do whatever you want?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns to me and sighs.
Kurisu: I haven't seen my father in seven years. My mother is in America. I'm living in a hotel right now. Understand?
Rintaro: Wha...!
UNSPOKEN: Living in a hotel? Well, true, renting an apartment for just a month is absurd, but--
Rintaro: You damn celebrity! If you're American, then you should at least use a motel instead of a hotel, right!?
Kurisu: I'm not American, and there aren't any motels in the heart of Tokyo.
Rintaro: What sort of hotel?
Kurisu: What do you mean? It's a normal hotel in Ochanomizu.
Rintaro: Ochanomizu? Then you can walk there from here, can't you?
Kurisu: Sure.
UNSPOKEN: I see. That's why she's so flexible with her schedule. I finally understand.
Rintaro: So, tell me about your father.
Kurisu: Sorry?
Rintaro: You said you haven't seen him in seven years?
Kurisu: Why do you care about my father?
Rintaro: You're the one who mentioned him. Isn't that basically a hidden message saying 'please give me some advice about my father, please'?
Kurisu: You're crazy.
Rintaro: You are my assistant! And I can't let my assistant have any worries. So tell me everything that's on your mind!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pouts and says no more. Instead, she glares at the circuit box on the wall.
Rintaro: What's wrong?
Kurisu: I have nothing to say to you.
Rintaro: Oh, I know! Your father was a hero, but then he fell to evil and now he wears a black mask and cape and goes 'heeeee koohhh', right!? And in the future, you two are destined to fight and--
UNSPOKEN: I think I heard Kurisu's teeth grind.
Rintaro: ...Y-you're really mad at me, aren't you?
Kurisu: Don't make fun...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn't look me in the eye, but her low voice tells me how mad she is.
Kurisu: Of people's family issues like that. You're trampling on my heart.
UNSPOKEN: Could her father situation be a landmine? Maybe I should apologize. I try to think of the words, but before I can say anything--
Itaru: Hell yeahhhhhhh!
UNSPOKEN: Daru's war cry echoes through the lab.
Rintaro: Did you get it!?
Itaru: Mission complete.
UNSPOKEN: Daru shows his white teeth in a wide grin as he gives a thumbs up.
Itaru: I got the server admin's ID and password. Now we can peep as much as we want, hyahoohh!
Rintaro: And the IBN 5100 database?
Itaru: That's separate, duh. The server admin's unrelated. I mean, it's a database with normally unreadable code, so there's a limit on who can access it. Doesn't look like even the lab director can access it.
Rintaro: There are positions higher than that?
Itaru: There's something called the SERN Executive Council.
Rintaro: Hmm... So they call it a council, eh?
Itaru: What about it?
Rintaro: It's a fitting name for our enemy!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me coldly. Whatever. Let's leave the IBN 5100 database for another day.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Okey-dokey. That Z Program we saw last time was suspicious, wasn't it?
Rintaro: That, and the Jellyman's Report.
UNSPOKEN: We couldn't get concrete information on either before. Kurisu stares holes into the monitor. Her angry expression has disappeared.
Rintaro: Look carefully. And burn it into your eyes. The proof of SERN's actions, its deceit upon the world.
Itaru: Oh yeah, baby. Found the LHC project supervisor.
Rintaro: The supervisor... that's a pretty important post.
Itaru: Right now, we're peeking inside his computer. Z Program, Z Program... hmm...
Rintaro: Z obviously stands for jelly (zerii)!
Kurisu: Jelly starts with J. J-E-L-L-Y.
Itaru: Pfft, careless mistake. So uncool.
Rintaro: Ahem! What I meant to say is that there's no way it would have such a simple name. The name's hiding something important. There has to be a double meaning!
UNSPOKEN: Daru, who's been searching through the log, suddenly stops.
Itaru: Got it!
UNSPOKEN: He displays a graphic on the monitor. It looks like a scan of a very old paper document. The letterhead reads Z PROGRAM: TOP SECRET.
Itaru: The program began... in 1973.
Rintaro: When was SERN formed?
Kurisu: 1954.
UNSPOKEN: I asked Daru, but Kurisu answers instead, her tone flat. I thought that maybe SERN was formed with the Z Program in mind, but '54 means my guess was off.
Rintaro: When was the IBN 5100 put on market?
Itaru: 1975.
UNSPOKEN: So maybe that's why the IBN 5100 was central to SERN's operations. The years match, after all. It can't be something as stupidly simple as that. There has to be a worldwide conspiracy involved. Maybe IBN hid their proprietary programming language in the IBN 5100 for the sole purpose of its use in SERN's Z Program. IBN and SERN are co-conspirators. And both of them are being manipulated from the shadows by an even larger organization. Yeah, that's way more interesting.
Itaru: Ugh, a JPEG? Come on! I can't copypaste this.
UNSPOKEN: Daru mutters some complaint.
Kurisu: Hmmm, the text isn't in French...
UNSPOKEN: What's on-screen right now looks like English.
Itaru: Actually, there's French, Dutch, and German versions too. The content looks the same, though.
Kurisu: ...'SERN's purpose heading into the 21st Century shall be to establish control over space and time, thereby to enable the destruction of extant history and the creation of an everlasting Utopia, ruled by the Committee, that encompasses the entirety of past and future events.'
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly starts speaking at a stilted clip.
Itaru: Oh, right! Makise-shi can do English!
Rintaro: Way to go, assistant! Your study abroad in America was all for the sake of today, wasn't it!?
Kurisu: Of course not. Stop assigning people roles in your fantasy world.
UNSPOKEN: Daru relinquishes his chair, allowing Kurisu to sit in front of the computer.
Kurisu: 'In order to maintain this project's secrecy, and to allow its name to remain relevant in changing circumstances, we designate it the Z Program.' 'Z, like the Greek Omega or the Cyrillic Ya.' 'It is forbidden to assign any meaning to this name or to seek in it significance beyond the project itself. Negative returns are predicted should this edict be violated.' 'The Z Program is a top secret project spanning international borders. Like electromagnetic wave research, it has been approved for top priority funding by the Committee of 300.' 'Henceforth, all other research performed by SERN shall function to keep the Z Program's existence secret.'
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Is there anything specific about what exactly the Z Program is?
UNSPOKEN: Daru types on the keyboard from the side, bringing up another window.
Kurisu: Hmm... ah... here. This... can't be!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bends forward and stares wide-eyed at the words on the screen.
Rintaro: What is it?
Kurisu: 'The purpose of the Z Program is to perform time-space displacement experiments by means of high-energy proton-proton collisions.'
UNSPOKEN: Time-space displacement experiments.
Rintaro: Time travel!
UNSPOKEN: I have to struggle to keep from shouting. I quickly run over to the window and close it. It might make it hotter inside, but it would be worse if people outside overheard us.
Kurisu: No way... it was true? You're telling me they've been deceiving the world for nearly 40 years?
Rintaro: Just as I suspected. A great shadow lurks behind SERN. Most likely the Organization, or one of its puppets.'
Kurisu: What Organization, you chuunibyou nutjob? At least try to be serious some of the time.
Rintaro: Hmph, don't be ridiculous. My words are always grounded in truth.
Itaru: Anyway, shouldn't it be 'the Committee' instead of 'the Organization'? That's what it says here.
Kurisu: The Committee of 300? I don't think they mean SERN's Executive Council. What are they talking about?
Rintaro: The world is full of lies. It's not as beautiful as you think.
Itaru: Listen, Okarin...
Rintaro: I am listening. The Committee of 300 is the dark power that controls every secret society, every government, every multinational corporation.
Kurisu: You're making things up again.
Rintaro: It's the truth. Google it if you don't believe me. Until now, the human race, for all its accomplishments, has never been able to overcome the barrier called time. The technology of time travel, which can break through that barrier, will change the course of human history. Literally. As it was when we split the atom, this forbidden fruit has the potential to grant us godlike power. Not a man exists who can resist its temptation. And naturally, all those with power will use any means at their disposal to obtain it. Human morality is naught but a joke to those who would stand with the gods. Understand, Christina?
Kurisu: ...Wow. That was quite a speech. Since you seem to know so much about it, does that mean you're aiming for godhood too?
Rintaro: What Hououin Kyouma desires is the destruction of all who would call themselves gods, the collapse of their hateful System, and a glorious new age of Chaos. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: I'm not asking Hououin. I'm asking Okabe.
Rintaro: I... I am Hououin!
Kurisu: In other words, you don't have your own reason.
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, assistant. How dare you attack my very identity?
Itaru: Forget about him, Makise-shi. Please keep reading.
Rintaro: Daru! What do you mean forget about me?
Itaru: I'm tired of listening to conspiracy theories. I'm more interested in the Z Program than in your delusions.
UNSPOKEN: I told you, they're not delusions, and they're not theories... But Daru does have a point. Our top priority now is to expose the dark side of the international research organization known as SERN.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Umm... 'Stage 1: Construction and implementation of the Large Hadron Collider.' 'Over the past half century, beginning with the Proton Synchrotron completed in 1959, particle accelerator technology has reached the point where standardized results may be obtained.' 'Stage 2: Implementation and testing of lifter technology.' 'The formation of more than two artificial localized singularities, as well as the formation of Kerr black holes, will become possible when this stage is complete.' 'In order to hide the program's true goal, it is necessary to intentionally leak misinformation regarding the formation of black holes.' 'Stage 3: Animal experimentation.' 'Stage 4...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stops talking. She takes a deep breath, then finally mutters angrily.
Kurisu: ...Human experimentation.
Itaru: ...For real?
UNSPOKEN: A chill runs up my spine. I admit it. Some part of me still saw this as a game. I was elated to discover that an institution as respected as SERN was actually doing time travel research. After all, we ourselves had succeeded -- whether by chance or design -- in producing our own time travel phenomenon. I thought that maybe we could beat SERN to the first functional time machine design. And wouldn't that be something? But now... Just like I said to Kurisu, the world is full of lies. Morals are meaningless. Was it really okay for us to get involved in this?
Itaru: H-hey, Okarin. Remember when we hacked in before? I'm pretty sure that email we read said this... Result: Error. Human is dead, mismatch. For details, see the Jellyman's Report...
UNSPOKEN: Someone... died?
Itaru: Could that have something to do with... human experimentation?
UNSPOKEN: My throat goes dry. Cold sweat seeps through my brow. And it's not because of the heat. Kurisu and Daru are waiting for me to speak. Are they entrusting the decision to me? True, but can I live with myself if I ignore this conspiracy?
Rintaro: Daru... look up the Jellyman's Report.
Itaru: Really?
Rintaro: Really. But first, Christina.
Kurisu: Eh?
Rintaro: You should leave.
Kurisu: Why are you suddenly--
Rintaro: The Jellyman's Report... it just gives me a bad feeling. Once we see it, we can no longer return to our normal lives. You're a genius. You're already published, for crying out loud. There's no need to throw away your promising future.
Kurisu: Are you worried about me?
Rintaro: Of course I am. You are my assistant, after all.
Kurisu: ...I keep telling you, I'm not your assistant. Thanks for your concern. But I'm not leaving. We need to expose this truth to the world.
Rintaro: No! It's too dangerous.
Kurisu: You chickening out?
Rintaro: We're powerless against this conspiracy. One wrong move, and they'll have us erased.
Kurisu: But still--
Rintaro: This isn't a game! I'm not joking here.
Kurisu: ...Fine. I won't tell anyone.
UNSPOKEN: Though her expression shows she still doesn't agree, she finally submits.
Kurisu: But I'm not leaving. It'll keep me awake at night.
Rintaro: You won't regret this?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: She declares firmly. I don't know if it's her competitive spirit, or if it's her bravery, or if she's just ignorant to the ways of the world. But it doesn't look like I can persuade her to back down.
Rintaro: What about you, Daru? Prepared?
Itaru: Well, I am a super hacker.
UNSPOKEN: He's comfortable even in this situation.
Itaru: And with my skills, they'll never know we were there.
UNSPOKEN: That settles it. It's good that Mayuri's not here. I can't get her involved. I look Daru and Kurisu in the eye.
Rintaro: Alright... let's begin.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives the seat to Daru.
Rintaro: Henceforth, this shall be known as Operation Laegjarn's Chest!
Kurisu: Why Norse mythology?
Itaru: Is that Norse mythology? Because it's cool, I guess.
Kurisu: Anyway, what is it with men and military terms...
Rintaro: Daru, begin the operation!
UNSPOKEN: He soon finds the Jellyman's Report. It required a second password authentication, which Daru broke through easily.
Itaru: Ready? I'm opening it.
UNSPOKEN: Daru looks at me and Kurisu. I wet my parched lips and nod. The air in the lab suddenly seems thicker. Unable to escape through the closed window, it surrounds us with an oppressive heat. Daru wipes the sweat off his forehead with a handkerchief, then timidly presses the enter key. The file opens. At first glance, it looks like a resume. There's a photograph on the top right. The top left has name, age, height, weight, and other information. In the center is a long string of English text. Underneath that, there's something attached, like a scan of a newspaper clipping with a black and white photo. And then I know. I know exactly what the Jellyman in Jellyman's Report means.
Kurisu: 'Jellyman's Report 10' 'Subject: James McCarthy, Age: 31, American' 'Z Program Stage 4, Date of Experiment: 2005-01-28 T13:05'
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bends over Daru's shoulder, reading the contents out loud.
Kurisu: 'Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.'
Itaru: That again...
Kurisu: 'It is believed that due to infinite compression by supergravity, the subject could not endure passage through the singularity inside the Kerr black hole.' 'April 3, 1921. New York City. An unidentified man was discovered dead in an alley off Union Square. The right half of his body was embedded in a nearby wall.'
UNSPOKEN: It sounds like Kurisu is reading the newspaper article at the end.
Kurisu: 'The man's body... ...was completely gelified.'
UNSPOKEN: The ticking of the clock is like a hammer inside my head. It's past 2 AM. The window is closed, and the lab is silent but for the humming of the computer. We stare at the gruesome image displayed on the monitor, speechless. I was right. We're in too deep. I half expect guys in black suits and sunglasses to kick down the door and drag us off to a secret military prison. Better make sure the door's locked.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru breaks the silence with a disbelieving whisper.
Itaru: They... gelified someone?
UNSPOKEN: Upon hearing the familiar word 'gelified', I reflexively look at the bunch of bananas placed next to the computer. There's only one banana left. We didn't have a single successful experiment today, so none of them were gelified. But I don't think this is a mere coincidence. The gelified bananas produced by the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and the gelified corpses produced by SERN's experiments. They seem identical in nature.
Kurisu: They're experimenting on people...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu speaks calmly despite her grim expression. She doesn't even avert her eyes from the gruesome image.
Kurisu: And this means they've created a time machine, doesn't it? Even if it's not perfect.
Rintaro: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: I'm still in shock, so I don't quite grasp the meaning of Kurisu's words.
Kurisu: This New York Times article is from 1921.
Rintaro: 90 years ago...
Kurisu: Look.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu points to part of the black and white photograph, her finger shaking slightly. The gelified corpse of a man. She's pointing to his shoulder, which has writing on it. Perhaps it was printed on his clothes. It's fused onto the gelified body, but you can somehow manage to read it.
Rintaro: SERN...
Itaru: So... SERN used the LHC to send someone back to 1921?
Kurisu: Looks like they failed to keep him alive, though.
Rintaro: Is this the only report?
Itaru: No, there's more. Looks like... 14 people in total.
Rintaro: More Jellymen? That means more gelified people... more victims of human experimentation...
UNSPOKEN: I swallow hard. I'm awfully thirsty. I take a cold Dr P out of the fridge and wet my throat.
Rintaro: Show me the others.
UNSPOKEN: Daru pulls up another report. Without being told to, Kurisu begins translating out loud.
Kurisu: 'Jellyman's Report 9.' 'Subject: Dan Strayski, Age: 26, Canadian.' 'Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2004-9-6 T 14:10.' 'Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.' The newspaper clipping... I think it's in French. I can't read it.
Rintaro: You can read the date, though. January 31, 2001.
Kurisu: The location is... Pau, France, I guess.
UNSPOKEN: 2001. That's fairly recent. A pretty big difference from James McCarthy, who jumped nearly 90 years back to 1921. Daru calls up a machine translation, giving us the following. Daru goes to the next report.
Kurisu: 'Jellyman's Report 8.' 'Subject: Linda Hill, Age: 25, British' 'Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2004-2-15 T 13:45' 'Results: Error. Human is Dead. Mismatch.' 'October 2, 1972. The gelified body of a woman was discovered on the streets of Dharmapuri in Tamil Nadu, India.' 'There were signs that the body had been run over by a car.'
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: 'Jellyman's Report 7.' 'Subject: Michael Lang, Age: 33, German' 'Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2002-10-8 T 13:28' 'Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.'
UNSPOKEN: The article clipping is written in Japanese. Looks like a pre-war newspaper. It even happened in Japan. I've never heard this story before. It was pre-war, though, so I guess someone born in the 90s like me would have no way of knowing about it. Next page. The picture shows a beach, beautiful but for the jellyfish-like body lying on the sand. It must have washed ashore. 
Kurisu: 'Jellyman's Report 6.' 'Subject: Mark Hughes, Age: 30, American' 'Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2002-8-23 T 12:52' 'Result: Error. Human is Dead. Mismatch.' 'On July 1, 1985, a strange body washed ashore on the coast of Streymoy, Faroe Islands.' 'It appeared to be the body of an adult male, but its flesh was soft like that of a jellyfish. Some of the island's inhabitants believe that it was the body of a merman.' 'The inscription 'SERN' was found near the body's shoulder, but SERN denies any involvement.'
Itaru: Keep looking?
Rintaro: I've seen enough.
UNSPOKEN: There are 14 of these people?
Kurisu: The sites are spread throughout the world. What can we deduce from this?
Rintaro: They must have sent them to those places.
Kurisu: I don't think so. It's too random.
Itaru: There was something about Kerr black holes and gravity, right? Isn't that the cause?
Kurisu: It is believed that due to infinite compression by supergravity, the subject could not endure passage through the Kerr black hole's singularity.' That's what it said.
Itaru: What's a Kerr black hole? Is it different from a regular black hole?
Kurisu: It's a theoretical black hole with a rotating singularity. Their existence hasn't been proven yet. Not that there's any way to prove one exists.
UNSPOKEN: Kerr black hole. Where have I heard that term before?
Rintaro: That's right... John Titor!
UNSPOKEN: Titor said his time machine used Kerr black holes.
Rintaro: According to Titor, SERN finished their time machine in 2034. And then Titor himself came from 2036.
UNSPOKEN: It makes sense for Titor and SERN to be using the same time travel technology. Kurisu closes her eyes in deep thought.
Kurisu: Creating Kerr black holes? That's insane. If you screw up, it could swallow the Earth... and besides, Kerr black holes are just a theoretical construct.
Rintaro: If Titor's predictions are a reality, then that means the LHC worst case scenario video on MewTube was right.
Itaru: I don't know about Titor's predictions, but I've seen the problem video before. It was on the news two or three years ago.
Kurisu: The gravitational forces inside a black hole are unbelievably powerful. It's certainly possible that passing through one could allow time displacement, but there's no way a human could do that and come out alive.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: It wouldn't just gelify you. It would tear you apart particle from particle. That's what a black hole does.
Itaru: Before we discuss this, shouldn't we look through the rest of their time machine research?
UNSPOKEN: Daru's already started pulling up new documents. I'm suddenly afraid. Is it okay to keep hacking SERN like this? Should I stop him? I'm the one who asked him to do it, but things have gotten serious now. But at the same time, irresistible curiosity wells up inside me. Time travel is becoming a reality. I want to know that it's true. I can't stop now.
Itaru: Here we go! There's a file in the Z Program that explains time travel theory.
Kurisu: That was pretty easy to find. SERN should have better security.
Itaru: Their security's fine. I'm just too good.
Rintaro: Daru is my Favorite Right Arm.
Kurisu: I thought he was your super hacka.
Itaru: Hacker!
Rintaro: So what does it say, Christina?
UNSPOKEN: This is in English too, so I have no choice but to rely on my assistant.
Kurisu: Umm... can you give me some time to read it?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's eyes dart left and right across the lines. Her earlier reluctance has vanished. It looks like she's as curious as I am.
Kurisu: No way... but this is... Is Titor really...?
Rintaro: What are you muttering about? Tell me what it says.
Kurisu: ...Oh, right. You know, this feels like one big joke.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: It's almost the same. The same as Titor's theory. Basically... The LHC smashes protons together at 99. 9999991% the speed of light. By doing so, they compress a mass of 10kg into an extremely tiny space of 10m.
Itaru: In Japanese please. Three lines max.
Kurisu: A small mass. Thrust into a narrow space. With great force.
UNSPOKEN: That explanation's too vague.
Itaru: That explanation's too erotic!
Kurisu: Huh? What part of it is erot-- ...Ah! H-Hashida, you pervert!!
Itaru: Sounds like you have a pretty good imagination yourself.
Kurisu: I-I'm not like you!
UNSPOKEN: Her blushing cheeks make her denial less than effective.
Rintaro: Don't listen to this fool, Christina. Continue.
Kurisu: ...ugh. Uh, what were we talking about?
Itaru: Thrusting with great force.
Rintaro: Proton compression.
Kurisu: Right. Successful compression generates a micro-singularity, which--
Itaru: A micro singularity? Not a mini black hole?
Rintaro: Same thing, essentially. A singularity is the core of a black hole.
Kurisu: This process generates a black hole with two micro-singularities.
UNSPOKEN: A black hole with two cores? Like a cowlick with two hairs? No, I don't think that's it...
Itaru: Explain with cute girls.
Kurisu: Fine. Say there are two cute girls, Mic-chan and Cro-chan.
Itaru: Sisters are moe. Haah, haah.
Kurisu: By feeding Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, you can make them do whatever you want.
Itaru: Electric shock torture? This some sort of eroge?
Kurisu: So you force them to rotate at an extremely high velocity. And then, theoretically, Mic-chan and Cro-chan transform into Magical Girl 'Ring Singularity'.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Well, it looks like these two have found a common wavelength.
Kurisu: The resulting black hole exhibits what's called the Kerr effect.
Itaru: What are Kerr black holes anyway? You said they spin, but what does that mean?
Kurisu: Exactly what it sounds like.
Itaru: But don't black holes usually spin? I mean, there's a whirlpool around the hole, right?
Kurisu: The part that looks like it's spinning is just the surrounding matter being sucked into the black hole. A black hole is just a point where extreme mass causes gravitational collapse. Everything falls towards it. Since it's only a point, it doesn't spin.  A Kerr black hole has a ring at its center, not a point. Think of it like this. Once transformed into magical girls, Mic-chan and Cro-chan's hearts spin like a ring inside their bodies, which is impossible for normal people.
Itaru: ...I'll pass on the guro.
Rintaro: Before, you said that such a black hole's existence would be impossible to prove. What did you mean?
Kurisu: A black hole has what's called an event horizon. Once you pass the event horizon, time and space switch places.
Rintaro: Time and space switch places?
Kurisu: Right now, we can move freely through space and into the future, but we can't move even one minute into the past. That becomes reversed. On the other side of the event horizon, moving freely through space becomes impossible, while moving freely through time becomes possible.
UNSPOKEN: I can't even imagine what that's like.
Kurisu: Since unrestricted spatial movement is impossible, you can never escape a black hole. For example, if Okabe jumped into a black hole, time for him would stretch to infinity. Since light cannot escape, human eyes cannot see the other side of the event horizon. Observing a black hole from the outside is impossible, so nothing about the inside can be proven. There is an exception, however. This exception is vital when you use a Kerr black hole for time travel.
Rintaro: Get to the point.
Kurisu: The Kerr black hole's ring singularity. Since it's spinning, it has angular momentum.
Itaru: Like I said, in Japanese please.
Kurisu: Didn't I already explain how the core spins? Just think of that as having momentum. If you keep giving Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, they'll rotate faster and faster. And when their angular momentum exceeds a certain threshold, the event horizon will disappear, and the singularity will become a naked singularity.
Itaru: N-naked? You mean the magical girl costumes expose a lot of skin, right? When does the anime adaptation air?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I ignore Daru's nonsense.
Rintaro: Naked, you mean it becomes observable.
Kurisu: When the event horizon disappears, there's no more reason for time and space to change places. Meaning that you can enter a naked singularity without being trapped. And then the existence of the naked singularity allows the principle of causality to be violated and the general theory of relativity to fail. The laws of physics are broken!
Rintaro: C-can such a thing exist?
UNSPOKEN: The negation of the theory of relativity and the principle of causality means serious paradoxes can occur. Didn't Kurisu say that earlier?
Kurisu: Nothing in principle stops Kerr black holes from existing. It seems inconsistent, but the math never lies. Since the principle of causality fails, it would be possible to travel to the past by entering a naked singularity.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: One thing I don't understand is how they inject electrons into the singularity. Look. This is a picture of the LHC, but there's strange equipment installed at the proton collision site. It looks like they call it a 'lifter', but... just what is it?
Rintaro: Daru, have you heard of it?
Itaru: Lifter, lifter... I think I saw that in the Z Program files. Wanna google it?
UNSPOKEN: Daru opens up a browser window and enters lifter into a search engine.
Itaru: We've got hits!
UNSPOKEN: About 422, 000 results.
Kurisu: That many? I guess it's not a secret...
Rintaro: Could this be it? Ionocraft.
Kurisu: Ions are charged particles. The meaning matches.
UNSPOKEN: We click on a link that says Ionocraft (lifter). It takes us to a video. Looks like some dim garage. But it doesn't seem like anything secretive. Just a garage like you'd see in an average American home. At the center of the screen is a triangular shape made of some kind of metal. It looks about 10 cm high, and about 30 cm wide. It's connected to some sort of generator by a thin wire. Looks like some really cheap equipment. That's all there is. Nothing else. After explaining something in some language I don't understand -- Russian, maybe? -- the person filming the video slowly turns the power on. And then--
Itaru: It's floating...
UNSPOKEN: The silvery triangle floats soundlessly into the air. Then it remains stationary.
Rintaro: That's... an anti-gravity device!
Kurisu: Don't be ridiculous. That would be the breakthrough of the century. It's called an ionocraft, so it probably has something to do with electrodes and charged air...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn't sound as confident as she usually does. We look up information on the ionocraft lifter. Lots of sites have detailed instructions on how to make lifters, but I don't know how they work since the sites all give conflicting theories.
Rintaro: SERN is using this lifter technology. It's a vital component of their time machine. If they can manipulate a micro singularity's mass and gravitational field, then these things really are anti-gravity devices!
Kurisu: Well, under those exact conditions, I guess you might not be entirely wrong.
UNSPOKEN: Incredible! My curiosity's growing more by the second.
Kurisu: But it looks like SERN's having trouble adjusting their lifter. They don't have full control over the micro singularity's gravity. So they can't make a true naked singularity.
Rintaro: That must be the reason why the subjects turned into jellymen.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods.
Kurisu: Since the singularity is still closed, the subject is crushed by its tremendous gravity. As a result, substances become fractalized. Let's go with that hypothesis. Of course, there's no way to be sure that it's right. It might take months to prove.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders in resignation.
Rintaro: So SERN's lifter is still incomplete...
UNSPOKEN: If Titor is telling the truth, then SERN won't complete their time machine for another 24 years.
Rintaro: If we can complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change) first, then we'll have outwitted SERN!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Titor said he had a 'variable gravity lock system'. He can use that to lock onto the Earth's gravity and ensure he arrives somewhere on the planet's surface.
Kurisu: Titor's explanation on that point was vague. He mentioned having such a device, but he didn't explain how it worked.
Itaru: But if you're only moving through time, won't you just arrive in the same location?
Kurisu: Of course not.
Itaru: Why not?
Rintaro: Because the Earth is always moving.
Kurisu: Right. Rotation and revolution. The Earth's rotational velocity is about 1, 650 kilometers per hour. Its orbital velocity around the sun is about 114, 000 kilometers per hour. Meaning one hour ago, we were that far away from where we are now.
Itaru: Whoa! When you think about it like that, we're earth-shatteringly fast!
Kurisu: And that's not all. The Solar System is part of the Milky Way. And the Milky Way spins like a giant whirlpool. There are various theories, but basically the earth moves about 50 million kilometers a day.
UNSPOKEN: How can she roll all those numbers so smoothly off her tongue? I get that she's a genius, but it's hardly common knowledge. Has she been doing research on the topic?
Itaru: We've kinda gotten to a ludicrous scale.
Kurisu: By the way, the Milky Way is part of a large cluster of galaxies, which is itself part of an even larger supercluster. And these clusters and superclusters might be moving too. If that's the case, we're moving even more than 50 million kilometers a day. The point is that setting the destination would require insane calculations, even if you only want to travel one second into the past. Doing it by hand is impossible, and it might take years for a supercomputer to come up with a solution, just to get you to the same location.
Rintaro: Then we have no choice. We need to find Titor and borrow his variable gravity system.
Kurisu: Great idea. Go for it. I wonder how SERN is dealing with this problem...
UNSPOKEN: After blowing me off, Kurisu goes back to reading SERN's documents. Daru and I aren't good with English, so there's nothing we can do but let her work. Dawn breaks. We stayed up all night again. Fighting drowsiness, I refill my mug with instant coffee. I've already lost count of how many I've had.
Kurisu: Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands her mug to me without looking away from the computer. I guess she expects me to refill it. Since when did I become her maid? She should ask Mayuri for stuff like this. Mayuri's a professional maid, after all. That said, Kurisu's the one reading SERN's documents right now. Daru and I can manage if we use translation software, but we're nowhere near as efficient as she is. While it's not exactly what I had in mind when I said I wanted to borrow her knowledge, it just goes to show that I was right to make her a lab mem. She's an asset to the lab. For now, at least, I should try not to upset her. I silently take the mug from Kurisu, dump in the powdered coffee, and pour in hot water from the pot. Two packets of sugar. No milk. Kurisu has already requested it the same way five times today. I mix it well and bring it over to Kurisu. She doesn't immediately realize I'm standing behind her, so I hold the mug in front of her face. Kurisu takes it without turning.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Is it really under investigation? This could be another plot by the Organiza--
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Good morning! Oh wait, should I say, good afternoon?
UNSPOKEN: The door unlocks from outside and Mayuri comes in. She has a convenience store bag in hand. There are various food items inside, but it doesn't look like they're for us.
Mayuri: Whoo! The air in here is sooo thick.
UNSPOKEN: The three of us probably look pretty haggard since we stayed up all night. But it's hard to put on a bright smile now that I know about SERN.
Mayuri: I'll refresh the air!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri opens the window wide. The sky is so blue, it hurts my eyes. Large clouds listlessly drift on the wind. It truly is a refreshing sight. Mayuri's appearance makes Daru get up with a grimace. Kurisu also finally moves away from the computer, sipping her hot coffee while rubbing her eyes. I glance at the clock, then go to the center of the room and call for attention.
Rintaro: Since all lab mems are present and accounted for, this is the perfect opportunity to hold another Round Table Conference.
Mayuri: Roundabout confluence?
Itaru: ...What's that?
Rintaro: A meeting of lab mems.
Itaru: Have we ever done that before?
Kurisu: Do you even have a round table?
Rintaro: Not physically. However, it exists in the hearts of all lab mems. Am I mistaken?
Kurisu: Yes, you're mistaken. Don't go sticking things in people's hearts.
Mayuri: Is there one in Mayushii too?
Rintaro: Of course there is.
Mayuri: Oh, that's good. But what's a roundable?
Itaru: And why a round table? You King Arthur?
Kurisu: I'm only a temporary lab mem anyway.
UNSPOKEN: These people whine about every little thing!
Rintaro: Anyway, it's a Round Table Conference! Mayuri wasn't here last night, so first, let's explain the situation to her.
UNSPOKEN: I tell Mayuri about everything we discovered in her absence. About how SERN is making a time machine. About jellymen. About how men in black might be coming to erase us for what we know.
Mayuri: I told you you shouldn't do bad things.
Rintaro: Hmph, 'bad' you say? We are bad? Absurd. If we're bad, then SERN is even worse. They aren't satisfied with ruling the world. Now they want to get their hands on space-time itself!
Kurisu: I agree.
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Kurisu backs me up.
Kurisu: What SERN is doing is unforgivable. They're traitors to humanity, to society, and to science.
Mayuri: I guess...
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't sound convinced. I didn't want to get Mayuri involved, but she's surprisingly perceptive. She'd find out even if we kept it a secret. So it's better to just tell her.
Rintaro: Anyway, Ragnarok can no longer be averted. The final battle with SERN is near.
UNSPOKEN: A large part of me is still afraid, but we've come too far to turn back now. We can't unlearn what we know.
Mayuri: Rag in a rock?
Kurisu: Norse mythology again?
Rintaro: Christina! I ordered you to investigate SERN! What have you learned?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Why can't they be found?
Itaru: Didn't you know, Mayu-shi? The world is constantly moving. Its rotational speed is 1500 kph, and its orbital speed is 114, 000 kph--
UNSPOKEN: Daru's tone is authoritative, but he's just relaying what he heard from Kurisu last night.
Kurisu: SERN has been looking for solutions, but it's not going well.
UNSPOKEN: So even SERN is having difficulties?
Rintaro: Now then. Have you learned anything that could help us complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change)?
Kurisu: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at the ceiling in thought.
Kurisu: Well, I suppose you could call the LHC the world's largest microwave oven.
Rintaro: Of course! In other words, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is a miniature LHC!
Kurisu: You might be on to something there.
UNSPOKEN: I was sure she'd deny it. In fact, I thought she'd yell at me. But instead, she agreed with me. Throws me off a little.
Kurisu: However, there are too many things we don't know about the PhoneWave. Why do the same phenomena that occur in SERN's time machine also occur in that tiny little microwave? Unlike the LHC, this thing wasn't made for time travel.
Mayuri: It was made to warm Mayushii's chicken!
Kurisu: W-well, yeah.
Rintaro: Since the jellyman phenomenon occurs with the PhoneWave (name subject to change), Mayuri's bananas must be reaching the Kerr black hole's ring singularity.
Mayuri: It makes a black hole? Here? It won't suck us in, will it?
UNSPOKEN: If it sucked us in, we'd become jellymen too.
Kurisu: But we still haven't figured out the electric discharge phenomenon, or the conditions required to cause it.
Itaru: During our experiments earlier, we were only able to send emails to the past during the discharge.
Rintaro: Although it hasn't happened again, that discharge phenomenon could very well signify the injection of charge -- that is, electrons. And only when it occurs does the path to the singularity open.
Kurisu: We don't know the cause of the discharge phenomenon.
Rintaro: That's what we need to find out.
Kurisu: In the first place, the emails we're sending to the past are digital data, not physical objects. That's a definite difference from SERN's time machine.
Rintaro: No, we're doing the same thing. Who's to say that digital data can't go through a singularity? I think it would be easier than sending something human-sized.
Kurisu: Well... I suppose that's true.
Mayuri: You know, the way you guys talk about email... It makes me think of folding a letter into a paper airplane and making it go zoom, you know?
Rintaro: It's more like a beam of light. Like optical digital data. By the way, it's a pain to keep saying 'email sent to the past'. Let's give it a proper name.
Kurisu: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Rintaro: What's that supposed to mean? You dare mock Hououin Kyouma!?
Kurisu: You just want to give it some oddball name, don't you?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Confusing. Rejected.
Rintaro: Why you! Who gave you the authority to reject my ideas!? You're just an assistant!
Kurisu: Then why don't we take a vote? All in favor of Nostalgia Drive.
UNSPOKEN: My hand shoots into the air. But nobody follows suit.
Rintaro: Have you forsaken me, Daru!? Mayuri!?
Mayuri: Chris-chan's right. It's too hard for Mayushii to remember.
Itaru: It's way too chuuni, man.
UNSPOKEN: Traitors!
Rintaro: Fine! Then let's hear alternatives! Don't tell me you rejected my idea without having any bright ideas of your own!?
Kurisu: I think it needs to be something easy to understand. It's an email that regresses through time, so how about Retromail?
Mayuri: What does 'retro' mean?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is busy eating strawberry jelly. How can she eat that stuff after hearing about jellymen?
Rintaro: Sounds like you have your answer, Christina. You said it should be easy to understand, but it wasn't easy to understand at all, was it!?
Kurisu: B-but that's because Mayuri-san is... Uh, n-never mind...
Rintaro: Were you about to say 'because Mayuri's dumb'?
Kurisu: N-no!
Mayuri: Eh? Chris-chan, do you think Mayushii's dumb?
Kurisu: I don't! I promise I don't! Okay?
UNSPOKEN: Somehow, Kurisu manages to glare at me even while soothing Mayuri.
Itaru: I vote 'The Mail Who Leapt through Time'.
Rintaro: That's too stiff. It's hard to say.
Itaru: It's better than your 'Nostalagisticexpialidocious' nonsense! And mine makes a movie title referen--
Rintaro: That's not cool. It needs to be cool.
Itaru: You're rejecting it for that?
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii has an idea! How about 'Back to the Mail'? I took a movie title, and changed a word to mail!
Itaru: I already did the movie joke, Mayu-shi.
Kurisu: Besides, I think the meaning is a little off.
UNSPOKEN: She probably meant Mail to the Future, but our emails go to the past.
Mayuri: It's not about the meaning... I took a movie title and changed a word to mail...
Rintaro: Either way, it's too long!
Itaru: Then how about DeLorean Mail?
Rintaro: That doesn't even say what kind of email it is!
Kurisu: Hey. We don't have time for this nonsense. Let's just abbreviate it to 'D-Mail' and move on.
Rintaro: But that's boring.
Kurisu: It don't care if it's boring.
UNSPOKEN: Shot down. Kurisu's influence in the lab seems to have grown significantly these past few days.
Mayuri: D-Mail it is!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, finished with her jelly, proclaims in satisfaction. Wait, when did Mayuri become the moderator?
Itaru: So why does the D-Mail phenomenon occur?
Rintaro: Because the path through the ring singularity is open. We've been over this already.
Kurisu: We don't know if there's actually a black hole at work here. It could be an entirely different phenomenon that just happens to resemble SERN's experiments. It's dangerous to jump to conclusions.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Do you really think that's possible?
Rintaro: There is no think. Only do!
Kurisu: What, did you read that off a motivational poster? You're like the classic incompetent boss.
Rintaro: Damn you! You dare insult the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!?
Itaru: Well, it's not like Okarin's the boss anyway.
Rintaro: Indeed. I am the symbol of this lab, not the boss.
Kurisu: I don't know what you mean by symbol, but how do you plan to turn the PhoneWave into a time machine? Let's have details.
Rintaro: My plan... alright, there is one thing. We've been thinking that the electrical discharge happens at random, but I have a hypothesis.
Kurisu: Which is?
UNSPOKEN: I look at my watch. It's past noon.
Rintaro: Recall the conditions when it occurred, Christina. We experimented through the night with no results, but there's one variable we overlooked. The simplest, most definitive variable of all. That is, the time of the occurrence.
Kurisu: ...ah.
Rintaro: I checked the times of the two previous occurrences. When I accidentally sent the first D-Mail to Daru's phone, it happened between noon and one PM. The second time, when all four of us observed the D-Mail, it was six PM. So if we perform the experiment within that timeframe, we might be able to reproduce the effect.
Kurisu: Let's try it right now!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bolts into the development room, suddenly bursting with enthusiasm.
Itaru: Well, I'm glad to see she has her priorities straight.
Mayuri: Mayushii's banana supply is getting low... gotta buy more.
UNSPOKEN: Only one banana remains untouched. We got rid of the gelified bananas, and then we ate the rest.
Kurisu: Sorry, Mayuri-san. I'll go buy you some new bananas later.
Mayuri: Really? Yay♪ Okarin and Daru-kun eat my bananas, but they never buy new ones...
UNSPOKEN: I'll be sure to amend that in the future. A bunch of bananas is a small price to pay in order to bring chaos to the world. Kurisu picks the last banana off the stem, leans under the table, and places it inside the microwave.
Kurisu: First, let's see if it'll become a jellyman. Agh!
UNSPOKEN: She tries to get up and gloriously bangs her head underneath the table.
Rintaro: Trying for the clumsy girl appeal?
Kurisu: It was an accident!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up, blushing in embarrassment with tears in her eyes.
Kurisu: Put the microwave somewhere else! It's dangerous and hard to reach like this.
Rintaro: It'll punch through the floor if we put it on the table.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, Chris-chan! Pain, pain, go away♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pats the back of Kurisu's head, then sweeps her hand through the air.
Kurisu: Thanks, Mayuri-san.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pulls herself together, types on her phone, and activates the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The banana inside the microwave slowly begins to spin backwards as the timer counts down.
Kurisu: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, who is peering into the microwave, suddenly shouts in surprise. The banana has vanished. At the exact same moment, the banana reappears on its stem, gelified.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: It became a gelbana...
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... muhahaha... MUHAHAHAHA! Just as I suspected, the critical variable was time!
UNSPOKEN: I was a little anxious about the result, but it all worked out. I outwitted the impertinent genius girl. Now my position as symbol of the lab is secure!
Kurisu: W-way to go, Okabe. It was so simple, I didn't notice it.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says with a slightly sulky expression.
Rintaro: Your praise does you credit, Christina, but I know you're frustrated you didn't think of it first. Muhahahaha!
Kurisu: Anyway, let's see if we can send another D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ignores my proud laughter and excitedly starts typing out a mail.
Rintaro: Guh... I feel like my authority has been on the decline since that girl showed up.
Itaru: It's cool, man. You never had any to begin with.
Kurisu: Help me, you two! Okabe, I'm sending an email to your phone.
UNSPOKEN: When did I become her assistant? I grind my teeth in frustration, but I do as I'm told and insert my phone into the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s slot.
Mayuri: What are you gonna send, Chris-chan?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri presses up against Kurisu and sneaks a peek at Kurisu's phone.
Kurisu: It doesn't matter what it says. What matters is whether we can send it or not.
Mayuri: Hmm? Lemme see... Okabe is an airhe...?
Rintaro: Wait! You there, assistant! What are you typing?
Kurisu: You'll see. Ready? I'm sending it.
UNSPOKEN: Daru has already set the microwave's timer through the X68000. There's nothing inside, but the microwave still operates. The countdown starts from 120. This is where the timing counts. We know that we have to open the microwave door during operation, but we still don't know when to send the mail. For now, we'll do them simultaneously. Kurisu readies her finger on her phone's send button. I grasp the microwave's door handle. Mayuri seeks cover.
Itaru: Starting the countdown!
UNSPOKEN: The microwave timer soon indicates 70.
Itaru: 3, 2, 1... zero.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu presses send. And at nearly the same instant, I open the microwave door.
Kurisu: Kya!
Rintaro: MUHAHAHAHA! It's working! It's working, you guys!
UNSPOKEN: Lightning crackles in the air. The cushion underneath the PhoneWave (name subject to change) collapses under the weight. The floor starts creaking. It's exactly like the discharge phenomenon that occurred before! The discharge lasts for about ten seconds. After it subsides, we stare at the PhoneWave (name subject to change) with bated breath. Luckily, it didn't break through the floor.
Kurisu: ...Did it arrive?
UNSPOKEN: I disconnect my phone from the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and check my mail. Kurisu stands beside me and peers at the screen. There's an email there. Two of them, even, and they're written in English. The timestamps are from five days ago.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts laughing when she sees the mail, even though she's the one who wrote it. The OKABE in the first one is obviously my name. But what does AIRHEAD in the second one mean? My English is shaky. Is she saying my head can fly or something? Whatever. I may not know what it means, but I do know this. My assistant is making fun of me. But that doesn't matter right now.
Rintaro: Christina. Did you send two mails?
Kurisu: Eh? No. I only sent one.
Mayuri: Mayushii saw it too. She really only sent one.
Rintaro: But I received two.
Kurisu: You're right... I even sent it in one sentence, but it got divided.
Rintaro: By the way, what does this word mean?
Kurisu: Why don't you look it up?
UNSPOKEN: I guess she doesn't want to answer.
Itaru: That reminds me. The D-Mail from before was cut up mid-sentence too.
Rintaro: Was it?
Itaru: Yeah. Look at your history. I'm pretty sure I sent 'Okarin's a perv'.
Rintaro: You're right. This one got split too.
Kurisu: I wonder what's causing it.
Rintaro: Maybe it's related to the jellymen.
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii wants to know why it arrived five days ago.
Kurisu: Good point. Didn't the last one also arrive five days before we sent it?
Rintaro: Yeah. It did.
Itaru: Is there some kind of rule for when it arrives?
Mayuri: Let's try sending more!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's right. Now that we've figured out how to send D-Mails, we should keep experimenting and collect as much data as we can.
Rintaro: Alright, lab mems! Battle stations!
Kurisu: He's at it again...
Rintaro: Our mission: to send as many D-Mails as possible! Daru, man the X68000. Your job is to observe, adjust, and gather information on the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Assistant, keep those mails coming! Try various patterns of text. Japanese, English, full-width, half-width, emoticons. The actual messages don't matter.
UNSPOKEN: I'm sure Shining Finger would be better for the job, but since she's not a lab mem, I'll leave it to Kurisu.
Mayuri: What about Mayushii?
Rintaro: Your mission is to go shopping. Just buy some bananas for now. I, Hououin Kyouma, shall fund you!
Mayuri: Wow! You're so generous♪
Kurisu: So I guess your job is opening the microwave.
Itaru: Whoa! You saved the easiest job for yourself?
Rintaro: Heh. No, my assistant's judgment is sound. The key to a successful D-Mail is most likely the correct timing of opening the microwave door!
Kurisu: Uh, I was just kidding.
Rintaro: MUHAHAHAHA! Leave this task to Hououin Kyouma! I shall open this door with precision, boldness, and delicacy, as if it were the flesh of a beautiful woman!
Mayuri: Okarin, that's naughty!
Rintaro: Furthermore, the current operation is top secret. You must not leak it to anyone. Got it?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri nods. The others are ignoring me.
Rintaro: Now I shall give this operation a name! It shall be known as Op--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Wha... but...
UNSPOKEN: You ruined my climactic scene! Damn you, assistant! This is an outrage! Afterwards, the D-Mail experiment -- its name is Operation Urd, though I lost my chance to announce it -- continues for two hours. During that time, every D-Mail goes back in time without a hitch. Now it's time to take a break. We're all hungry, and except for Mayuri, we've been up since last night.
Kurisu: Go ahead and rest. I'm gonna have a go at it a little longer.
UNSPOKEN: She's been going at it for hours and she's still full of energy. It's hard to believe she was so opposed to time travel research before. Her scientist's blood must be on fire. We've made a number of discoveries, but we can wait to assess them until after we eat. Daru and I leave the two girls to watch over the lab as we go shopping at the convenience store. We return from the convenience store to find the Braun Tube Workshop's one and only Part-Time Warrior standing in front of the building. She's stretching.
Suzuha: Sup!
UNSPOKEN: She notices me and calls out without stopping her exercises.
Suzuha: What shenanigans are you up to this early in the morning?
UNSPOKEN: Shenanigans? This girl has a thing for unusual words.
Rintaro: The kind you wouldn't believe. We're building the first time machine in human history.
Suzuha: Huh. Cool.
Rintaro: Hey, shouldn't you be more surprised!?
Itaru: Can't blame her for being skeptical. I didn't think it was possible either. And isn't that top secret? I thought you didn't want anyone to know.
Rintaro: Crap! Part-Time Warrior, please keep what I just said a secret.
Suzuha: Sure. By the way...
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior glances at the Braun Tube Workshop.
Suzuha: The boss is really pissed.
Rintaro: Why?
Suzuha: The noise. Whatever you're doing up there, it's got the whole building shaking. Dust everywhere. Kinda like an air raid. He was saying stuff like 'What's that nutcase doing? I'mma raise his damn rent!' Maybe you should go apologize.
Itaru: Oh boy. What if he kicks us out?
Rintaro: Alright, leave it to me. Daru, go tell my assistant to lay off the experiments for now.
Itaru: Roger that... I won't forget you, soldier.
UNSPOKEN: Daru salutes, then races up to the second floor.
Suzuha: ...By the way, is Makise Kurisu here too?
Rintaro: Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, she did pick a fight with Christina yesterday.
Rintaro: Have you met before?
Suzuha: Um... no. Yesterday was first contact.
Rintaro: First contact?
UNSPOKEN: That's a strange way of putting it.
Rintaro: Oh. Really? Weren't you a little hostile for a first contact?
Suzuha: She's... my enemy.
UNSPOKEN: What? I barely heard her, her voice was so low. I'm about to ask her to repeat herself, but Suzuha is staring at the ground in silence. She obviously doesn't want to talk about this. Did she call Kurisu her enemy? But that doesn't make sense.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Yeah.
Rintaro: Did she do something to you?
Suzuha: Not to me.
Rintaro: What does that mean? She did something to someone else? If you want, I can go talk things over with Christina.
Suzuha: It doesn't really matter.
Rintaro: Maybe you're blaming the wrong person?
Suzuha: Geez! Give it a rest!
UNSPOKEN: She hits me with a glare.
Suzuha: Anyway! Shouldn't you apologize to the boss instead of talking to me?
UNSPOKEN: Heh. Actually, I'm getting cold feet. But I am Hououin Kyouma, the mad scientist who brings chaos to the world. I can't falter now. I steel myself and enter the Braun Tube Workshop. Part-Time Warrior follows me inside.
Rintaro: I have come!
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun is sitting at the counter inside, slurping delivery ramen. Even when I enter, he doesn't look away from the huge 42-inch CRT. It's showing some news show's report on some celebrity divorce. Part-Time Warrior doesn't say anything. She's just going to stand there and watch him rip me a new one.
Tennouji: Hey, Okabe. The hell are you doing up there?
UNSPOKEN: Straight to the punch. He doesn't take his eyes off the TV, nor does he stop slurping his ramen. Yet despite his sedentary posture, he exudes extraordinary pressure. But now is not the time to falter.
Rintaro: We're currently conducting experiments that will change the course of human history. The discoveries we make today will shape the world for centur--
Tennouji: I don't care what games you guys play. I'm the owner of this building. Got it? And the building's really worn out. You keep shaking it like that, you could bring the whole damn thing down on our heads.
UNSPOKEN: Better keep quiet about the dent in the floor.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... Veeery interesting, Mister Braun. Don't tell me you forged this building's earthquake safety certificate?
Tennouji: What if I did?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The building starts shaking again as soon as I finish speaking. Flakes of concrete start falling from the ceiling. The 42-inch CRT's image goes to static. Dammit, Daru! What are you doing!? I thought I told you to stop the experiments!
Tennouji: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: He's glaring at me.
Tennouji: The ceiling is falling, you dumbass! Some got into my ramen! What are you gonna do about it, huh!? No more shaking! Or I'll raise your rent by 10, 000!
UNSPOKEN: What!? If you raise it 10, 000 yen, we're ruined!
Rintaro: Leave it to me, Mister Braun! On my honor, I swear there won't be any more shaking today!
UNSPOKEN: With that, I race out of the Braun Tube Workshop.
Rintaro: Christina! Stop the experiments at once!
UNSPOKEN: When I burst into the lab, I find the three of them in the middle of lunch. Mayuri has Juicy Chicken Number One. Daru has a convenience store boxed lunch. Kurisu's eating cup noodles with a fork.
Mayuri: Sorry, Okarin. Mayushii tried to warm up some chicken. I accidentally put it through reverse rotation, and then it started sparking.
Rintaro: ...I see.
Kurisu: I sent you an email. Didn't you get it?
UNSPOKEN: Your sarcasm is not appreciated, Christina. You know as well as I do that my phone is still attached to the PhoneWave (name subject to change)! I disconnect my phone from the PhoneWave (name subject to change) while grinding my teeth. One more please?
Rintaro: Stop screwing around! I'm the one who has to deal with Mister Braun!
Kurisu: But I gave you five days advance notice.
UNSPOKEN: Well, yeah, the timestamp's from five days ago, but...
Itaru: Was he mad?
Rintaro: Yeah... I could feel his Killing Aura.
UNSPOKEN: Daru turns pale, but the two girls don't seem to care. They know not the wrath of Mister Braun. Ignorance is bliss.
Rintaro: Anyway, no more experiments today.
Kurisu: Well, at least we got some good data.
UNSPOKEN: Then Kurisu hides her mouth with her hand as she yawns.
Kurisu: I'm dead tired, and my hair's dried out. I want to take a shower and go sleep.
UNSPOKEN: I sigh and take a boxed lunch out of the convenience store bag. It's cold, so I toss it into the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and set the timer normally.
Mayuri: If you want a shower, there's one here. It doesn't have a bath, though. Okarin always uses it.
Kurisu: It's probably filthy...
Rintaro: I'd be lying if I called it clean. This entire building is in shambles.
Kurisu: Anyway, I refuse to use the same shower as Okabe.
Rintaro: I understand. Nobody will blame you if you don't use it. Of course, since the three of us stayed up all night, we're all pretty smelly. Heh heh heh.
UNSPOKEN: Given the sweltering heat and the fact that we kept the windows closed all night, I bet this place is smelling pretty rank by now.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu slurps her cup noodles indignantly. I bought them at her request. She was raised in America, yet she likes cup noodles? Strange.
Rintaro: Celebrity bath time at a high class hotel? I want to come too.
Kurisu: Not a chance.
Mayuri: Mayushii wants to come too!
Kurisu: You can come any time, Mayuri-san.
Mayuri: Really? Thank you♪
UNSPOKEN: I take my warm food out of the microwave, take a fresh bottle of Dr P out of the fridge, and join in on lunch.
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin, I've been wondering, but why do you drink soda while you eat? Does it make it taste better?
Rintaro: I don't really see a problem.
Itaru: Me neither.
Kurisu: Same. I didn't give it a second thought.
Mayuri: Ehh?
Rintaro: You're acting weird, Mayuri. It's normal to drink soda while eating.
Itaru: It's normal, duh.
Kurisu: No objections.
Mayuri: No way! You guys are the weird ones!
UNSPOKEN: Well, I'm a pure Docperian, Daru loves cola like a typical fat otaku, and Kurisu lives in America, home of soda. So I admit our opinion is biased. But that doesn't matter right now.
Rintaro: Now, let's discuss Operation Urd's progress.
Itaru: Operation Urd?
Rintaro: Oh, right. Thanks to a certain assistant, I didn't get a chance to present the operation's codename yesterday. Heed me! These D-Mail experiments are all part of Operation Ur--
Kurisu: The experiments have been fruitful.
UNSPOKEN: She interrupts me again.
Kurisu: At the very least, we've learned what we can do with D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu places her empty noodle cup on the table, then retrieves the whiteboard from the development room. While the rest of us eat, she scribbles on the whiteboard, then puts it up against the wall.
Kurisu: That about sums it up. Anything to add?
UNSPOKEN: Nothing especially. She's summarized the vital parts. Mayuri has her mouth half-open in a blank stare. She clearly doesn't understand.
Rintaro: A D-Mail can be at most 36 English characters or 18 Japanese characters long. That makes experimentation difficult, so we'll want to improve that first.
UNSPOKEN: Furthermore, each D-Mail is split into 12 character segments. If you send 36 characters, you'll get three 12-character emails. If you try to send more, everything after the 36th character disappears.
Itaru: But we figured out how to control when it arrives. That's pretty good, right?
UNSPOKEN: Though we can only set it in one hour increments, we can control how far back D-Mails go by using the microwave's timer.
Kurisu: Observation isn't enough. We need to find the underlying principle. What I've written here is nothing but verified phenomena.
Rintaro: The underlying principle... you're right. It's not a complete time machine until we understand how it works. What could be the reason for the character limit?
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Kurisu remain silent.
Mayuri: Um...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri, who has been staring at the ceiling in confusion until now, raises her hand.
Mayuri: Chicken and bananas become 'gelchicken' and 'gelbanas', but salt doesn't turn into 'gelsalt', right?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: According to Mayuri, the refrozen chicken had indeed been gelified when she tried eating it. Kurisu's prediction was right.
Mayuri: And you can send 36 letters in a D-Mail, but everything past that disappears, right-? So I think maybe you can't send big things, or a lot of small things. Maybe the Curb black hole--
Kurisu: Uh, it's Kerr black hole.
Mayuri: The Curb black hole--
Kurisu: Kerr black hole.
Mayuri: ...the black hole's hole is too tight.
Itaru: Mayu-shi... say that one more time. Starting from 'hole'.
Mayuri: The hole is too tight!
Itaru: Outrageous!
Rintaro: Stop making her say stuff like that!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri has flowers for brains, so she's easy prey for Daru's perversions. It drives me crazy.
Kurisu: The hole is tight... huh. That might not be entirely wrong. Maybe we have the same problem SERN has with their time machine. Since they can't fully control the lifter, they can't make the singularities perfectly naked, which limits how much they can send.
Itaru: Anyway, 6 Japanese or 12 English characters comes out to 12 bytes.
UNSPOKEN: English characters are half-width, so they only use one byte, but full-width Japanese characters use two.
Kurisu: Bytes? Not kilobytes?
Itaru: Oh? So Makise-shi's bad with computers?
Rintaro: Heh. Is that so, assistant?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! You don't see things measured in bytes nowadays, so I was just making sure...
UNSPOKEN: By the way, 1 kilobyte is 1024 bytes. 1 byte is 8 bits.
Itaru: Well, email isn't just comprised of text. There's more to it, like the sender and receiver's email addresses, the header, and various other things. So roughly speaking, we can send data in three batches of 12 bytes, then? By the way, I don't know if using a subject changes anything.
Rintaro: But I'm pretty sure that chicken and bananas have to be larger than 12 bytes.
UNSPOKEN: How do you measure a banana in bytes anyway?
Rintaro: Since each grain of salt is tiny, it's possible they could be converted to less than 12 bytes.
Kurisu: So larger masses get crushed by supergravity?
Rintaro: Mass might not be the issue here. Data doesn't have mass.
Kurisu: In any case, since the singularity isn't naked, the object is forced to pass through the event horizon. Inside the event horizon, space and time switch places, causing the subject that arrived at the ring singularity to reach ultra high speed... The data, crushed and destroyed by super gravity, is shot out of the black hole...
Rintaro: As a jellyman.
Kurisu: But even a small mass has to pass through supergravity. How does it emerge unscathed?
Rintaro: If the hole is too tight, then just inject more electrons.
Kurisu: I don't think it's that simple. I mean, I'm sure SERN's tried that already. And yet they haven't gotten any results after nine years of experiments. It's not as simple as increasing the flow of electrons.
Rintaro: I see...
Kurisu: SERN has a lifter, but we don't know what in the PhoneWave is filling the same role, much less how to adjust it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: We don't know what acts as the lifter... But we do know that it has successfully created a path wide enough to send approximately 36 bytes of data through the ring singularity.
Mayuri: I don't get it...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, finished with her chicken, looks at us in confusion.
Rintaro: Think of it like an RPG. The ring singularity, the entrance to the event horizon, is the gate to the Demon Lord's castle.
Kurisu: D-demon Lord...?
Mayuri: So the soldiers who went home as slimes are jellymen?
Rintaro: But there's an exception.
Itaru: Combining soldiers? That's just silly.
Rintaro: It's to illustrate that the object can't be too big.
Mayuri: I get it! That's really easy to understand.
Kurisu: It is?
Itaru: It's a dumb metaphor, but I guess it works? At least as an explanation for why things get gelified.
Rintaro: Heh. It's all thanks to Mayuri's hint.
Mayuri: Mayushii was helpful?
Rintaro: Yeah. Great insight, Mayuri.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Yay!
Kurisu: But it's still a hypothesis. It hasn't been proven.
Itaru: How would you prove it? With human experiments like SERN?
Kurisu: If Okabe and Hashida-san volunteer as test subjects, I'll happily experiment on you.
Itaru: Human experimentation sounds kinda dirty. If you know what I mean. But I refuse. I'd rather play the doctor than the subject.
Rintaro: Same here. No, not in the way he's implying.
Kurisu: Idiots.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives us a cold stare and shrugs her shoulders in exasperation.
Kurisu: As I keep saying, the real problem is what the PhoneWave uses as a lifter.
Rintaro: That and one other thing. How come the discharge phenomenon and gelification only happen during a certain timeframe?
Itaru: We may not understand everything, but we've perfected the art of D-Mailing. Isn't that our Final Answer?
Mayuri: Sending mail to the past is amazing, isn't it?
Itaru: Though I guess it's not a real time machine unless we can send people to the past.
Kurisu: Even SERN has failed to send humans through. If you believe what Titor says, it won't be another, what, 24 years before there's a true time machine?
UNSPOKEN: I answer Kurisu's sarcastic question with a nod.
Rintaro: Physical time travel is impossible for us at the moment. We lack the funds and facilities available to SERN. And yet we have realized a form of time travel. We've sent data to the past.
Kurisu: We should investigate the PhoneWave further. We need to understand what's going on.
Itaru: I have some fun ideas for how to use D-Mail.
Rintaro: I know how you feel, but we can't today. If we shake the building again, Mister Braun is sure to blow a gasket.
UNSPOKEN: He'll raise the rent or kick us out of the lab.
Rintaro: We can start experimenting again tomorrow. But this, I will declare now.
UNSPOKEN: I step onto the couch and look at each lab mem in turn.
Mayuri: You have to take off your shoes. It's dirty!
Rintaro: Today -- uhh, what day is it?
Itaru: August 2nd.
Rintaro: August 2nd, 2010 is a date which will live in infamy! For on this day, we, the Future Gadget Laboratory, have developed-- The first successful time machine in the history of mankind!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: And you can't even say we developed it. It happened by accident.
Rintaro: Hmph! It seems that my assistant doesn't know the meaning of the word 'serendipity'. Penicillin, X-ray machines, dynamite -- these inventions and more were all born from coincidence!
Kurisu: I guess...
Mayuri: But Chris-chan, you said before that time machines don't exist, right? But now you admit they do!
Kurisu: It's just that I have to admit it for now. If we investigate how the PhoneWave works, it might turn out to be something that only seems like time travel.
Rintaro: Does nobody have any respect for my grand declaration!? Don't complain if I take all the credit for inventing the first -- second, whatever -- time machine in human history! The 66th Round Table Conference ends here. Dismissed!
Itaru: Wait, that was a Round Table Conference? I didn't know that. And it's even the 66th.
Kurisu: Who cares what kind of table it is?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up from her chair and stretches.
Kurisu: I'm gonna go back to my hotel, take a shower, and sleep.
Mayuri: Mayushii has to go to work soon.
UNSPOKEN: I'm incredibly tired too. Let's just sleep today. But when I lie down, I find myself unable to sleep. Though part of me is still frightened by the dark secrets we've uncovered, the curiosity and excitement are too much to bear. We've built a machine that can send emails to the past. It's like a dream, but it's real, and it's ours. As I start thinking of ways to use it, my imagination spreads out to infinity, driving the last vestiges of fear from my mind. I'm standing in absolute darkness. How long have I been here? I can't remember. I can't move. I can't feel. I can't see. The world is empty. A voice resounds in the blackness. As if whispering in my ear. As if screaming from far away. As if dozens of people around me are speaking at once. Where am I? Suddenly, the darkness is dispelled. An ocean of stars fills the heavens. The sight is breathtakingly beautiful. However, one point in space lacks stars. I notice that point. I stare at that point. My body starts to fall. I'm falling through the sea of stars. No, not falling. I'm being pulled. Pulled into a rift of utter darkness from which not even light can escape. In an instant, my consciousness has exceeded the speed of light. Stars flash past and vanish from sight. Light itself is but dust in my wake. Logic screams that this cannot be. Nothing can move faster than light. That would contradict the theory of relativity. That voice again. It comes from behind, overtaking my faster-than-light consciousness. At the same time, it seems to lie in wait at my destination. Why do I hear Christina's voice? Those same words. I accelerate. I can hardly breathe. It feels like something is crushing my body. I fall. I'm pulled. To the depths of the dark. Or perhaps to the end of the universe. But even beyond the speed of light, I'll never reach it. Am I looping? No, that's not it. Is the end running away from me? That's not it either. Stretching. What is stretching? Space? Me? Something approaches. It approaches slowly, a stark contrast to the stars flashing past. Is it really approaching? It looks like it's standing still. Its slowness gives it that illusion. I don't know what it is. But it is something. I try to reach towards it. But my hand won't move. I'm slowing to a stop. But still I keep falling. The end never comes. An asymptotic approach to zero. When will this second pass? A second stretched out to infinity. 1 second becomes 0. 1 seconds. 0. 1 seconds become 0. 01 seconds. 0. 01 seconds become 0. 001 seconds. 0. 0001 seconds. 0. 00001 seconds. 0. 000001 seconds. 0. 0000001 seconds. 0. 00000001 seconds. 0. 000000001 seconds. When will I arrive? Gradually, time shortens. Gradually, my perception of time lengthens. No matter how close I get, I can never reach. Suddenly, her words take on an amused tone. The Demon Lord's Gate. I try to shout. But my mouth won't move. I mustn't look back. Pictures from the Jellyman's Report flicker through my brain. My body-- I want to look back. I want to go back. I can't look back. I can't go back. I face towards the thing. I face the future of becoming a jellyman. While frozen for eternity...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I can't tell you. I swore a blood oath to maintain secrecy and protect the original owner from those who desire the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: I mean, anything could happen. Moeka might seduce Luka's dad, for instance, and get him to lend her the IBN 5100. And then I couldn't complain if Moeka took it away. I must avoid that situation at all costs. Of course, I don't think Moeka can seduce anyone with her personality. And since Luka's dad has a wife and kids, I don't think he'd fall easily either. I'm probably just thinking too much. Moeka, meanwhile, is staring at the floor in what I assume is defeat.
Rintaro: ...I am not without sympathy for your plight. I formed a contract with the IBN 5100 for my own goals. After I achieve those goals, you can negotiate with the original owner to form a contract of your own.
UNSPOKEN: When I return the IBN 5100 to Yanabayashi Shrine, Ragnarok will be over, and the fate of the world will have already been decided.
Rintaro: And when Ragnarok is over, whether it ends in victory or defeat, my life as Hououin Kyouma will be... No, forget what I said. This is no time to be thinking about the future. After all, my future is already...
Moeka: Anyway... where was it?
UNSPOKEN: Geez, I had some good angst going there. She's just oblivious to the mood.
Rintaro: The IBN 5100 was at Yanabayashi Shrine.
UNSPOKEN: Just then, I hear the sound of the door opening. Moeka twitches. I look into the lounge and see Daru, wiping the sweat off his brow with a towel as he comes in.
Itaru: ...Guten Morgen.
Rintaro: You sure are early.
UNSPOKEN: Ever since university went into summer break, Daru has been coming to the lab in the morning less and less. But then again, he's also been staying up all night more and more.
Itaru: I went to bed early. Woke up at five this morning. Man, it's hot! It's not supposed to be this hot in the morning. Oh? Oh? Okarin, who's this erot... sexy 3D woman?
Rintaro: Ah, let me introduce you. This is Shining Finger, Kiryu Moeka.
Itaru: Shining... Finger? Does her hand glow with an awesome power?
Rintaro: No, but she's definitely an esper.
Itaru: An esper? That's stupid.
Rintaro: Watch her type. You'll see.
Itaru: Well, whatever. Welcome to the lab, Kiryu-shi.
UNSPOKEN: Even though Daru bowed his head, Moeka doesn't so much as look at him. She's now looking down at her phone -- not that she ever really looked away. Daru turns red.
Itaru: Wh-what magnificent ignore skill. Are you looking down on me because I'm a fatass ota? You're a mainstream woman, aren't you!?
Rintaro: Um, Moeka, this is my Favorite Right Arm, Super Hacka Daru--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Hey, Okarin. Did you... do something to her?
Rintaro: Like what? We were just taking pictures.
Itaru: Pictures... pictures? So you're going to blackmail her and force her to be our sex toy...
Rintaro: Stop applying eroge logic to reality.
Itaru: My bad.
UNSPOKEN: Daru's jokes aren't helping.
Itaru: Oh, right. I thought up some upgrades we could make to the PhoneWave.
Rintaro: Like what?
Itaru: You know how it's a huge pain in the ass to send D-Mails to the past?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Itaru: I want to simplify that process. Oh, and also make it possible to forward from the PhoneWave's dedicated phone.
Rintaro: Forward? What do you mean?
Itaru: Right now, you can only send a D-Mail to the phone attached to the PhoneWave, right?
UNSPOKEN: That's right. In yesterday's experiments, my phone was attached to the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s socket, so my inbox got flooded with D-Mails.
Itaru: That's pretty inconvenient. If we give the PhoneWave's dedicated phone a forwarding function, we can use it to send D-Mails to any number we want.
Rintaro: How long will that upgrade take?
Itaru: Two or three hours? That's if you help me, though.
Rintaro: Understood. I'll help.
Itaru: OK.
UNSPOKEN: Daru really is reliable. I walk up to him with my hand raised for a high five. But he completely ignores it, sits on the sofa, and begins eating. Dammit! Pay attention, Daru! I slowly lower my hand. W-whatever. Once the upgrades are complete, we'll gather the lab mems and begin discussing serious D-Mail use. It's time to think about the practical applications of sending mail to the past. Another mail? I could ignore it, but the ringtone keeps demanding my attention. This is far more irritating than normal conversation. But maybe that's the point. Normally, Moeka just kind of fades into the background. This could be her way of forcing people to pay attention to her. Daru, you idiot! How could you make such a basic mistake!? Moeka, whose eyes have never once left her phone, is now staring straight at me. I ignore the ringtone and go back to the development room.
Rintaro: If you want to say something, then say it to my--
UNSPOKEN: I lose my breath mid-sentence. Moeka is staring straight at me. Moeka, whose eyes never leave her phone.
Moeka: ...Read the email.
UNSPOKEN: Her serious tone gives me pause.
Rintaro: Say it to my--
Moeka: Sending email to the past.
Rintaro: ...!
Moeka: That's what he said. ...Tell me.
UNSPOKEN: Daru, you idiot! How could you make such a basic mistake!? I need to talk my way out of this somehow! She may just be a part-timer, but she's still a journalist of sorts. If she learns that we've built the world's first time machine, there's no way we'll be able to keep it under wraps. The Organization is sure to find out. I can't let that happen.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's pretty persistent. I know that because of her mail attacks. She won't let me escape so easily. What should I do!? In frustration, I put my phone to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. There's a problem. ...No, not that. Information on Number 8 got leaked to a third party. ...Yeah, I know. I need to do something. Depending on the situation, I may have to silence her. ...Yeah, I know. We can't let the Organization know about this. Steins Gate seems to enjoy sending trouble my way. ...Heh, don't worry. My seat in hell can wait until Ragnarok is over. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone in my pocket and turn back to Moeka.
Moeka: ...Who was that?
Rintaro: It doesn't concern you.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka looks down and begins typing another mail. What the hell does that mean? Since she didn't include her usual signature, does that mean she was in a hurry? Her expression didn't change at all, though. Anyway, I disregard the mail's contents and take one step towards Moeka. She makes no attempt to escape. I'm standing between her and the door.
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka. You must swear to protect our secret... or die. Choose now. No time to think it over. No alternatives either. You have learned our secret, and now you must pay the price.
Moeka: ...You'll kill me?
Rintaro: Only if you try to go public. Underestimate the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma, at your per--
Itaru: Are you at it again, Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: Daru's standing behind me. I turn around in surprise.
Itaru: Kiryu-shi, was it? Okarin's kind of crazy, so it's ok to ignore him when he talks like this.
UNSPOKEN: Can't you see what's going on, Super Hacka!?
Rintaro: Imbecile! Because of your careless tongue, she found out that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is a time machine!
Moeka: A... time machine!
Itaru: Uh, that was pretty careless too.
Rintaro: Guh...
UNSPOKEN: This is awful. Everything that could go wrong, has. How do I recover!? First, I need to silence Moe--
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Good morning! Okarin! Mayushii wants to warm up some chicken before you start the time travel experiments.
UNSPOKEN: I drop to my knees in utter despair. We're finished. It's impossible to talk our way out of this one.
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka. I'll tell you everything... and I have a favor to ask. Tremble, right arm of mine! By the covenant I command thee. Come forth, hellfire of darkest black! Fulfill my desire for ultimate destruction. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust! Hrraahm!!
UNSPOKEN: I pull hard with both my arms, tearing the microwave door free with a terrible screech. The screws were loosened, but it sounds like I might have broken something too. Well, whatever.
Mayuri: Ahhh! Now I can't warm up any more chicken...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: That's not fair! Go buy a new microwave, Okarin!
Rintaro: I don't have that kind of money!
UNSPOKEN: Besides, this was Daru's idea. Removing the microwave door means we don't have to open it every time we want to send a D-Mail. Daru is currently reprogramming the microwave so that it won't stop when the door's open. He's already programmed the forwarding feature. Moeka takes a picture with her phone. I cover the lens with my hand.
Rintaro: I told you no pictures.
Moeka: ...In commemoration.
Rintaro: Of what? Anyway, no pictures.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka complies. I registered her as Lab Mem Number 005 just a bit earlier. It was a choice between letting her leak word of the time machine or forcing her to join our group. I reluctantly choose the latter.
Rintaro: Kuh... I've gone soft. The old me would have killed her without a second thought.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka is standing right next to me, but my monologue has no effect. Looks like she wants to ask me something.
Rintaro: What is it?
Moeka: ...Is it really a time machine?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka nods.
Itaru: Alright, program complete.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, lying on the sofa, looks up from the technical manual she was reading. She got here about thirty minutes ago.
Kurisu: Then lets resume the experiments.
Mayuri: But won't the manager scold us again?
Rintaro: Heh, don't worry. Yesterday, I made this promise with Mister Braun. 'I swear there won't be any more shaking today.' In other words, the no-shaking promise only applied yesterday, so since today is yesterday's tomorrow, we can shake it all we want!
Kurisu: That doesn't settle anything. Why you're so confident is a mystery to me.
Rintaro: In other words, Christina, you want me to erase Mister Braun.
Kurisu: No! Besides, I don't think a wimp like you stands a chance against him.
Mayuri: He's so muscley!
UNSPOKEN: Unfortunately, it's impossible to experiment without shaking the building. I have no choice but to negotiate with Mister Braun somehow. The other four members look at me in anticipation. Are they planning to sacrifice me!?
Rintaro: Is this the choice of Steins Gate? But how do I...
UNSPOKEN: While trying to think of a way to avoid talking to the manager, I wander over to the window and look outside.
Rintaro: Hm?
UNSPOKEN: The street below is mostly empty. A girl is polishing her bicycle in front of the building. A much younger girl is squatting next to her, watching her work. They're alone. I can only see the backs of their heads from here, but I know who they are.
Rintaro: Hey you! Part-Time Warrior!
UNSPOKEN: When I call her, Suzuha looks left and right while wiping the sweat off her brow before finally looking up here.
Suzuha: Sup!
UNSPOKEN: The girl beside her also looks up. This cute little girl is Tennouji Nae, Mister Braun's only daughter. Looks like she came to play with her father today. I've always wondered how it's possible for such a muscular man to spawn such a cute girl. Nae bows her head when we make eye contact. I return the nod, then call out to Suzuha.
Rintaro: What are you doing there?
Suzuha: Can't you tell? I'm polishing my bicycle!
Rintaro: Aren't you working today?
Suzuha: Of course I am. Why else would I be here?
UNSPOKEN: You're polishing your bicycle even though you're at work? I mean, I guess the store barely has any customers. To put it bluntly, was there even a need for a part timer?
Kurisu: What, is she still tinkering with that bike of hers?
UNSPOKEN: I can hear Kurisu's sour voice from inside the lab.
Kurisu: She was there when I came in, glaring at me.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like they're still fighting.
Rintaro: Hey, Part-Time Warrior! Where's Mister Braun?
Suzuha: Mister Braun? Who's that?
Rintaro: The manager of that junk shop you work at.
Kurisu: It's not a junk shop. It's a CRT specialty shop.
UNSPOKEN: My assistant's so picky. Junk shop was just a joke to add a little Hououin Kyouma spice to the mix.
Suzuha: Oh, so that's who you meant. Ahaha.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The little girl diligently corrects us on her father's name. She must not get the joke.
Suzuha: The boss is on a service trip! I don't think he'll be back for a while!
Rintaro: Wh-what!? Is that true!?
Suzuha: It's true! I wouldn't be slacking off like this otherwise! Ah, Nae, don't tell the boss I said that, okay?
Nae: Then let me ride your bicycle.
UNSPOKEN: It's a blessing from the gods! I give my gratitude to Part-Time Warrior and shift my attention back inside.
Rintaro: You heard her. This must be the choice of Steins Gate. Mister Braun is currently absent. In other words, we can experiment to our heart's content!
Kurisu: That doesn't solve the problem, you know.
Rintaro: I'm telling you, it's the choice of Steins Gate.
Itaru: Whatever. I want to try out the PhoneWave 2nd Edition v1. 03.
Mayuri: Second attention verse erosion?
Itaru: 2nd Edition v1. 03.
UNSPOKEN: How did we get to 1. 03?
Rintaro: Enough of your unsophisticated names. The upgraded version shall be known as Heavenly Merry-Go-Round.
Kurisu: The name doesn't matter. Let's just start the experi--
UNSPOKEN: The sound of a camera interrupts our quarrel. Moeka has her phone pointed at us. How many times have I told her not to take pictures!?
Moeka: ...You looked like you were having fun.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles happily. Daru doesn't react. Kurisu turns away in a huff.
Kurisu: Hardly. I'm fed up with these people and their fooling around.
Itaru: This assistant is such a tsundere.
Kurisu: Who are you calling a tsundere!?
Itaru: Oh? Makise-shi, you know what tsundere means?
Kurisu: ...N-no.
Rintaro: I think you do. It's written all over your face.
Kurisu: Mmmgh...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bites her lip. So she is familiar with otaku culture. I wonder how she got that knowledge while living in America.
Moeka: ...Experiment please.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's tired of waiting. She's shown great interest in the time machine ever since we told her the truth. Of course, I made her promise never to write an article about it. I threatened to take her phone away if she breaks her oath. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is ready to send a D-Mail whenever we are.
Itaru: I'm setting it up so it forwards to Okarin's phone.
UNSPOKEN: Daru types my phone's mail address into the X68000's keyboard. We decided Mayuri was going to be the one to send the D-Mails, so she starts typing on her phone. We set the microwave timer to 60# and press start. Even though the door has been removed, the microwave runs like always. The discharge phenomenon occurs, and Mayuri's mail goes through the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s dedicated phone to mine.
Moeka: It really...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka stares at my phone in what I assume is disbelief, though it's hard to tell given her lack of expression.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka just keeps staring at my phone.
Suzuha: Hey!
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior's voice comes from outside the window.
Suzuha: It's shaking again! And there's a strange light, too! What are you doing up there!?
UNSPOKEN: I decide to ignore her. Mister Braun is one thing, but she doesn't scare me at all.
Rintaro: Now then, lab mems.
UNSPOKEN: I assemble all the lab members, including Moeka, for a meeting.
Rintaro: The 73rd Round Table Conference will come to order.
Kurisu: Yesterday was the 66th. Where'd the other six go?
Rintaro: Only anal retentive bastards care about the minor details. That's why you'll never be more than an assistant, Christina!
Kurisu: Like I keep saying, I'm neither your assistant nor Christina.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Kurisu's complaints and proceed.
Rintaro: In the first stage of Operation Urd, we tested the limits of D-Mail technology.
UNSPOKEN: We discovered that we could only send up to 36 English characters.
Rintaro: Today, we advance to the second stage. Practical applications of D-Mail.
Mayuri: Practical applications? I'll send one to this morning so I can say 'Good morning, Okarin♪'
Rintaro: Like hell you will. Write that on the back of a leaflet or something.
Mayuri: But if it's on the back of a leaflet, you won't get it.
Rintaro: When I say practical applications, what I mean is...
UNSPOKEN: I take a short pause to look at all four members. Then I lower my voice.
Rintaro: Changing the past.
UNSPOKEN: Shock ripples through the room.
Kurisu: Now hold on! It's too dangerous! Are you trying to play god!?
Rintaro: Oh? What's so dangerous about it?
Kurisu: Let's say you create a time paradox and blow up the world. What do you plan to do then?
Rintaro: Well, I guess we'd be dead.
Kurisu: You're going to change the past so recklessly? Are you kidding me? Don't tell me... you're not seriously trying to bring chaos to the world or whatever, are you?
Itaru: Nah, he's all talk. It's fine to ignore him, Makise-shi.
Kurisu: R-really?
Mayuri: Don't worry! Okarin's actually a very nice person. You'll see!
Rintaro: I don't remember asking for an appraisal, but I'll answer Christina's question. My dream is to plunge the world into chaos. However, it is still far too early to bring that dream to fruition. We can only send 36-byte emails. That's not enough for my purposes. Therefore, I shall set my ambition -- Project Chaotic -- aside for now.
Moeka: Project... Chaotic?
Kurisu: Did you just come up with that?
Itaru: Correct, Makise-shi!
Kurisu: YES.
Itaru: Okarin just says the first thing that comes to mind. He's always like that.
Rintaro: Don't analyze me, Daru! And you, assistant! Stop that fist pumping! You making fun of me!?
Mayuri: Um, so what are we going to do?
Itaru: Yeah. How do you want to change the past, anyway?
Rintaro: First of all, the purpose of this experiment is to verify whether or not we can actually change the past. So it doesn't matter how trivial the change is.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Of course.
Itaru: Yeah, it's like that saying. 'When the wind blows, the bucket maker gains.'
Kurisu: Eh? No, it's kinda like that, but kinda not...
Rintaro: A butterfly flaps its wings in Beijing and a storm happens in New York, right?
Kurisu: Yeah, that. Part of Chaos Theory. Basically, any change, no matter how small, could have a significant effect on the future. How do you plan to take responsibility for that?
Rintaro: Titor said that the many-worlds interpretation holds true.
Kurisu: And that makes it okay to change the past? You're going to believe that self-proclaimed time traveler's delusions?
Rintaro: Can you prove they're delusions?
Kurisu: I'm asking what you're going to do if they are. How are you going to deal with the consequences?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I glare at each other. For some reason, I always end up getting emotional whenever I argue with this impertinent assistant of mine. Such weakness is unbefitting of an insane mad scientist. I need to calm down.
Rintaro: Christina, you said this before, did you not? When hypotheses pile up, and theories are verified, they become reality. That's how modern physics comes to understand the truth of the universe. You're contradicting yourself.
Kurisu: No, I'm not. We don't even have a hypothesis for how the PhoneWave works. We're just fumbling around in the dark here. There are still too many risks to try changing the past. We should wait until we know more.
UNSPOKEN: Oh? So she's not unconditionally opposed?
Rintaro: You're actually itching to try it out, aren't you?
Kurisu: W-well...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly looks away.
Rintaro: Besides, didn't you want to prove that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) isn't a time machine? If it's not a time machine, then it can't change the past. You could prove yourself right, so why are you against it?
Kurisu: Oh shut up...
Rintaro: And if you're going to talk about time paradoxes, then what about SERN? They've already sent more than 100 people to the past. Surely a few paradoxes have happened by now.
Kurisu: So you want to stoop to the same level as the guys that did those inhumane experiments?
Rintaro: We're not doing human testing or anything, so relax.
Mayuri: Um...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri raises her hand. She was staring blankly at us this whole time, so I'm a bit surprised.
Mayuri: Um, Okarin? Mayushii doesn't really get it, but what are you going to change?
UNSPOKEN: Finally, some constructive conversation.
Rintaro: My goal for this operation is simple. We, my friends... Are going to win the lottery!
UNSPOKEN: Everyone except for Moeka stares at me openmouthed.
Itaru: I'm for it. If we win the lottery, I can buy all the computer parts I want and go to MayQueen for every meal of the day. We'd be stupid not to try it.
UNSPOKEN: That's my super hacka!
Mayuri: Money? Okarin... that makes Mayushii sad. We should do something that will bring peace to the world! Like what if we give everybody in the whole wide world an Upa cushion?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: And here I thought you had ambition.
UNSPOKEN: Tch. I'm surrounded by idealists.
Rintaro: Don't get me wrong. This isn't about world peace and it isn't about ambition. It's about discovering whether or not we can change the past. The easiest way to do that is to see if we can win the lottery, right?
Kurisu: But your primary goal is the money, isn't it?
Rintaro: With that kind of money, I could say goodbye to this rickety old building! Muhahaha! I could get an office in Daibiru or UPX!
Kurisu: See? Just like I thought.
Rintaro: I won't whitewash it. If we moved, we could experiment as much as we want without fear of Mister Braun. If we had money, we could build the Future Gadgets of our dreams. And of course, we could buy a truckload of Mayuri's favorite bananas.
Mayuri: A t-truckload?
Kurisu: No, Mayuri-san! Don't let him tempt you!
Rintaro: Shut it, Celeb Seventeen!
Kurisu: S-se...? Serendipity?
Rintaro: Celeb. Seventeen.
Kurisu: What the hell is that supposed to mean!?
Rintaro: You live in a hotel off of your parents' money. You could never understand the plight of poor students like us.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts on a sulky expression. I'm 18 now! she protests, but I ignore her. It doesn't matter if she's eighteen. Celeb Seventeen sounds better!
Kurisu: What do you think, Moeka-san?
UNSPOKEN: No reaction from Moeka.
Kurisu: Um...?
UNSPOKEN: Heh! Whatever my assistant was trying, it didn't work. I have no idea what Moeka is thinking, but I'll treat her lack of opposition as approval.
Rintaro: If you're going to complain, then suggest an alternative. A change to the past that would be both trivial and easy to understand. Got anything?
Kurisu: Um...
Mayuri: Hmm?
Kurisu: Let's try changing the hotel I'm staying at.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's voice lacks conviction.
Rintaro: How are we supposed to know the difference? If you want to stay in Uguisudani, do it on your own. That should be easy for a Celeb Seventeen like you.
Kurisu: Do you have to say it like that?
Itaru: Anyway, why Uguisudani?
Rintaro: Because that's where all the love hotels ar--
Kurisu: One more word out of you and I excise your frontal lobe with a rusty scalpel.
UNSPOKEN: Holy crap. A lobotomy? That's mad scientist territory.
Mayuri: Then how about we change my fried chicken to a different brand?
Rintaro: Nobody cares what brand of chicken you eat.
Mayuri: Aw...
UNSPOKEN: Silence descends upon us. Kurisu and Mayuri are still thinking, but I doubt they'll come up with anything good. As for Moeka, I can't tell what she's thinking, or if she's even thinking at all. She's just staring at her phone, motionless. She's not even typing for a change. Daru has already declared his support for me. Now he's browsing moe news sites as if this whole thing doesn't concern him.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns, but she doesn't raise any more complaints. As I thought. She, too, wants to know if we can change the past. She's a scientist through and through. And if I'm not mistaken, she has a bit of mad in her too! Muhahaha! I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. We're beginning stage two of Operation Urd. Yeah, no problem. I, Hououin Kyouma, shall take all responsibility. Heh, don't worry. Nothing will come back to you. Correct. This is my choice, and the choice of Steins Gate. Ragnarok is near. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone away and look at my lab mems.
Rintaro: Now, begin the operation!
UNSPOKEN: Nobody moves a muscle. They just look at each other.
Itaru: Uh, what do you want us to do?
Rintaro: Are you incapable of doing anything without my instructions?
Mayuri: First, we need to buy a lottery ticket.
Kurisu: No, first we need a winning number.
Rintaro: Exactly, Celeb Seventeen! Now you're talking.
Kurisu: Don't call me Celeb Seventeen.
Itaru: First, we have to decide which lottery to go for. Think we should go for Dream Summer Jumbo?
Mayuri: I saw a TV commercial for that the other day!
Rintaro: Did they announce the winners?
Itaru: Should be next week or the week after.
Rintaro: Then there's no point! We can only send D-Mails to the past!
Itaru: Oh, right. We could wait until the Summer Jumbo drawing date.
Rintaro: You've got your priorities backwards. Don't get fixated on Summer Jumbo. Let's look at the last lottery that announced its winners.
Itaru: Hmmm, I'll google it.
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts searching on his computer. Meanwhile, Kurisu is thinking hard.
Kurisu: If someone sent me the winning numbers from the future, would I believe it?
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii doesn't even know how to buy a lottery ticket...
Kurisu: That's okay. I don't think teenage girls buy lottery tickets.
Rintaro: Have you ever bought one, Moeka?
UNSPOKEN: When I call out to Moeka, standing alone in the corner of the room, her shoulders twitch. Then she shakes her head a little bit.
Mayuri: How about you, Okarin?
Rintaro: ...I tried the LOTO SIX once.
UNSPOKEN: I didn't even get a penny.
Itaru: Hey, LOTO SIX might work. I'm pretty sure they announce winning numbers every week.
UNSPOKEN: A quick search reveals that LOTO SIX announces winning numbers every Thursday. They've also posted last week's 1st through 7th place numbers on their homepage.
Mayuri: Are you going to send this winning number in a D-Mail?
Rintaro: Exactly. Though of course, we have to mention it's for LOTO SIX.
Itaru: Hmm, last week's 1st prize was... woah, 200 million!
UNSPOKEN: What!? 200 million!? I think my heart skipped a beat there.
Rintaro: W-wait! 1st prize is too much!
Itaru: Why?
Kurisu: That is an awful lot of money... hahaha...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Don't you get it!? I'm being chased by the Organization. If we win 1st prize, the media will cover the event and my cover will be blown!
Kurisu: That's stupid.
Mayuri: What if Mayushii wins?
Rintaro: No. Stage Two of Operation Urd does have its risks, just like Celeb Sev said.
Kurisu: Celeb... Sev? Don't abbreviate it.
Rintaro: I'll be the winner. That way, I shoulder all of the risk.
Kurisu: And all of the money, right? I see your plan.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Celeb Sev's remark. The prospect of pocketing 200 million yen is certainly appetizing, but that would be too big a change to the past.  Just like Celeb Sev said, we can't ignore the Butterfly Effect. We should flap our wings as softly as possible. I'm not scared or anything. Really.
Rintaro: Anyway, we should aim a little lower. Daru, how much is 2nd prize?
Itaru: Umm, looks like it was... 23 million yen.
Rintaro: ...L-let's try 3rd prize.
Itaru: That was only 700, 000 yen.
Rintaro: Yeah, that's good. That should be about right.
Kurisu: You're such a chicken.
Rintaro: Heh, heh heh heh! That's rich, coming from the one who was so worried about the risk of time paradoxes. Eh, Celeb Sev!?
Kurisu: I'm begging you, stop calling me that. I'll settle for assistant. And don't misunderstand. I'm still worried about what could go wrong.
Rintaro: I'm trying to minimize our risk by choosing an amount that's just right. Stop being so stubborn.
Kurisu: ...No, you.
UNSPOKEN: I decide to let Celeb Sev have the last word.
Mayuri: Um, could we fill a truckload of bananas with 700, 000 yen?
UNSPOKEN: Nobody said anything about using the entire dividend on bananas, but it looks like Mayuri intends to do so. Let's ignore the glutton for now.
Itaru: For 3rd prize, you need to get five matching numbers.
UNSPOKEN: Last week's six winning numbers were 02, 12, 19, 34, 35, and 40. The bonus number was 08. 1st prize is for matching all six numbers. 2nd prize is for matching five numbers plus the bonus number. 3rd prize is for matching only five numbers.
Rintaro: Moeka. I assign to you your first duty as a new lab mem.
Moeka: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka stares at me. She clearly didn't expect her name to be called.
Rintaro: Figure out what to put in the D-Mail. It needs to convince an unknowing me one week ago to buy into the LOTO SIX.
Moeka: ...Me?
Rintaro: You are the mail demon, so this should be right up your alley.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka doesn't seem that interested, but she nods. We set the PhoneWave (name subject to change) to forward to my phone.
Kurisu: Thursday last week... so about five days. Is that okay?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: The drawing was five days ago. It needs to arrive before that, right?
Kurisu: We'll send it to one week ago. 7 days is 168 hours, so let's round up a bit and enter 170#.
Mayuri: Ummm, 1, 7, 0, #...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka has finished typing the email into my phone. We replaced the number 40 with 37. This way, we won't get 1st or 2nd prize.
Rintaro: It'll have to do.
UNSPOKEN: We can only send 36 bytes. There's only so much we can say.
Mayuri: This mail's kinda shady, huh? Ehehe!
Moeka: ...I'll redo it.
UNSPOKEN: I stop Moeka from erasing the mail.
Rintaro: It's fine. I don't think there's any other way. Though it is kind of shady.
Mayuri: Don't worry! Okarin loves shady things, so it's perfect!
UNSPOKEN: That's not entirely incorrect, but it feels like she's making fun of me. In any case, our preparations are complete. It's hard to believe that this is all it takes to send emails to the past.
Rintaro: The time has come. Prepare to open Steins Gate!
Kurisu: It's been bugging me, but what is that Steins Gate thing?
Mayuri: It's Okarin's catch phrase♪
Rintaro: Steins Gate is Steins Gate. Nothing more, nothing less.
Kurisu: That doesn't explain anything.
Rintaro: Don't complain about every little thing. That's not important right now.
UNSPOKEN: I place my finger on the send button. My hands are shaking. I fight to keep them steady.
Itaru: Starting up the microwave!
UNSPOKEN: I swallow hard. The turntable begins to spin backwards as the microwave comes to life. The timer ticks down. 163... 162... 161... Change the past. It seems very simple to do. But just like Kurisu said, there's no telling what might happen. I said I'd take responsibility, but that was just talk. If a time paradox does occur, it could do irreparable damage to the world I know. 150... 149... 148... How am I supposed to take responsibility for that? Lightning crackles in the air around us. It's working. All I need to do is press the send button. 136... 135... 134... I can't stop now. I want to see what lies beyond. Curiosity pushes me forward. There's no way this will destroy the world. There's no way. 122... 121... 120...
Rintaro: El Psy Kongroo!
UNSPOKEN: I press the button. My phone displays a flying mail animation and the words Sending mail. 116... 115... A wave of vertigo washes over me. It feels as if my feet have left the ground. Suddenly, my vision blurs, and everything turns monochrome. Is the ground shaking? Every cell in my body is screaming, This is wrong!
Mayuri: Okarin? Are you okay?
Rintaro: ...!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waves her hand in front of my face. After blinking several times, I notice I'm standing stock still, gripping my phone. My phone should be displaying Mail Sent, but it's not. Instead, it's showing the normal standby display. Something isn't right here. I look around. I'm inside the lab. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) isn't on. When I sent the mail, the timer read 115. In other words, it should still be running for about two more minutes. Yet now, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is silent. I scan the room. Other things feel wrong.
Itaru: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: Just a few seconds ago, Daru was sitting in front of the X68000. But now he's sitting in front of the lounge computer. Did he teleport? At least, I don't remember seeing Daru get up and move to the lounge. Kurisu is sitting cross-legged on the sofa, reading a massive technical book. She should be in the development room too. Moeka is standing at the edge of the development room. Nothing particularly different about her. Mayuri is next to me, looking at me with a confused expression. This is wrong.
Rintaro: Mayuri, how long have I been standing here?
Mayuri: Eh? What do you mean?
Rintaro: Just tell me.
Mayuri: Hm... maybe 30 seconds?
Rintaro: 30 seconds? Really?
Mayuri: Yup. You suddenly ran over to the PhoneWave, then you took out your phone and started going 'haaah haaah!
Itaru: Say that again, Mayushii.
UNSPOKEN: Daru calls out from the lounge.
Mayuri: Huh? You started going haah haah?
Itaru: The haah haah part!
Mayuri: Haah haah!
Itaru: More sexy this time!
Kurisu: Stop it, perv.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru are exchanging their usual banter. How can these guys be so calm? I just sent a mail that may have changed the past. Why aren't they interested in the result?
Rintaro: Th-that's right, the mail!
UNSPOKEN: I quickly check my mail.
Rintaro: The mail arrived a week ago.
Mayuri: Hm? What's going on?
Rintaro: The money! Did I win the LOTO SIX?
UNSPOKEN: I search my memories, but turn up nothing. No memories of buying a ticket. No memories of winning 3rd place. Nothing.
Rintaro: Hey, Celeb Sev, did I win 3rd place?
Kurisu: Don't call me Celeb Sev! And 3rd place of what?
Rintaro: ...what?
UNSPOKEN: Again, this feeling of disconnect. I approach Kurisu, who's lounging on the sofa.
Rintaro: What did you say just now?
Kurisu: Wh-what?
Rintaro: What the hell did you say just now!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glares back at me.
Kurisu: Got a problem? I asked what, and then you just--
Rintaro: Not that! You said '3rd place of what', right!? I mean 3rd place of LOTO SIX!
Kurisu: What?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a puzzled look. It doesn't seem like she's messing with me.
Rintaro: Daru! I sent myself the winning LOTO SIX numbers just now. Didn't I?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru's eyes light up.
Itaru: That's brilliant, man! We can use D-Mails to make ourselves billionaires! I could buy all the computer parts I want and go to MayQueen for every meal of the day! I AM SO PUMPED UP!
UNSPOKEN: ...This is wrong.
Rintaro: Mayuri, you were gonna buy a truckload of bananas... right?
Mayuri: A truckload? Who's gonna fill it up?
UNSPOKEN: ...This is wrong. I look at Moeka. She's staring at the floor like usual, but I don't miss the confused glance she throws my way.
Rintaro: Wait! What happened to stage two of Operation Urd!?
Kurisu: By stage two, you mean an experiment to see if we can change the past, right?
Rintaro: R-right! That's it!
Itaru: Yeah, that's why we're all thinking.
Rintaro: What?
Mayuri: About what to send, so we can tell if the past has changed.
Itaru: I think we should definitely go with Okarin's LOTO SIX idea.
Mayuri: Mayushii thinks we shouldn't be so greedy for dough. Ah, but when I say dough, I don't mean like for baking.
Kurisu: I think we all know what you mean.
Mayuri: Really? That's great! So, instead of being greedy, we should do something that will bring peace to the world! Like, if we gave everybody in the whole wide world an Upa cushion, I think everyone would be happy♪
Itaru: The only ones who'd be happy are little kids and Mayu-shi.
UNSPOKEN: What? What are these guys saying? They're acting like I never sent that D-Mail with the winning numbers.
Luka: Um... hello?
UNSPOKEN: The front door opens slowly, and Lukako sticks his head inside.
Mayuri: Ah, it's Luka-kun! Welcome♪
Luka: Pardon the sudden intrusion...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako bows his head apologetically. Mayuri, Kurisu, and Daru go into welcome mode. Moeka... keeps staring at her phone. But I'm not in any condition to greet Lukako. I can't stop sweating. And it's not because of the heat. I don't know what's going on anymore. Questions keep spinning around in my head.
Mayuri: Did you decide to wear one of Mayushii's costumes? That would make me happy♪
Luka: Ah, no, that's not why I came...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako looks at me apologetically, like he wants to say something.
Rintaro: ...What is it?
UNSPOKEN: I reply mechanically. My mind is still blank.
Luka: Actually, Okabe-san... I mean, Kyouma-san, there's something I need to apologize for...
UNSPOKEN: What could he have to apologize for? Timidly, Lukako holds out his hand. And there, between his fingers...
Rintaro: Ah...!
UNSPOKEN: Is a LOTO SIX ticket. And the numbers are the same as the ones in my D-Mail! I grab Lukako by his slender wrist.
Rintaro: Where did you get this!?
Luka: T-that hurts...
Mayuri: Don't pick on Luka-kun!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri gets between us. I let go reluctantly.
Kurisu: What's wrong with you, Okabe? You're acting weird.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Sorry, Lukako, but I need to know. Where did you get that LOTO SIX ticket?
Luka: Um... you told me the numbers.
Rintaro: I... did?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nods with teary eyes.
Luka: You told me to buy them because they might win...
Rintaro: R-really? When was that!?
Luka: A week ago...
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, past me! What were you thinking!? This wasn't supposed to happen! However, the past certainly has changed. ...Or has it? It seems like it has, but at the same time, the present seems to have changed too.
Itaru: Wait, did Luka-shi win the LOTO SIX?
Mayuri: Wow! Okarin's a psychic!
Kurisu: Don't tell me... you sent the winning numbers with the PhoneWave?
UNSPOKEN: Her question makes no sense.
Rintaro: Why are you asking me that? You saw me send them.
Kurisu: I did? What are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Disconnect. Our stories don't match.
Rintaro: I sent the winning numbers in a D-Mail just now. We discussed it and decided that's what we would do. You all watched it happen. Then the past changed. It actually changed.
UNSPOKEN: I glance at the PhoneWave (name subject to change). There's no denying it now. That grotesque appliance, the bastard child of microwave and cell phone, actually changed the past. We have the power of a god! Though I still don't know why everyone else forgot about it.
Itaru: Hold on, Luka-shi! How much did you win!?
Rintaro: 700, 000, right? 3rd place.
UNSPOKEN: I answer with conviction. However...
Luka: Um...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako begins fidgeting. Something's strange about his behavior.
Luka: I'm really sorry, Kyouma-san. Even though you told me exactly what to do, I... Filled one of the numbers in wrong...
UNSPOKEN: Huh? He what? I stare at the numbers on the ticket in Lukako's trembling hands.
Luka: Um... if that '18' had been a '19', then it would've been 3rd place... just like Kyouma-san said.
Itaru: Nooo! So close! And yet so far!
UNSPOKEN: I'm pretty sure I sent it with a 19. I'll know if I check my phone's send history. I take out my phone. And bring up the send history.
Rintaro: ...Huh? It's gone! Why!?
UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail I sent has vanished from my send history. Just like everyone's memories. The D-Mail should be there... but it's not. Almost as if it never existed in the first place. I ignore the worried stares of my lab mems and head outside for some fresh air. I need to calm down and figure this out. The ticket Lukako bought turned out to be 4th place. The prize is just 5, 000 yen.
Suzuha: Hey there, Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha calls out to me. She's still polishing her bicycle. Tennouji Nae is squatting next to her, watching her work with great interest. Two questions come to mind. One. How long has she been polishing that thing? Two. Just how much free time does the Braun Tube Workshop have?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Brainwashed? Me?
Suzuha: Well, there's nobody else here.
Rintaro: ...I suppose you're right.
Suzuha: Which part? Being brainwashed? Or nobody else being here?
Rintaro: Being brainwashed.
Suzuha: You... were?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha suddenly steps up to me and grabs my face. Then she forces my eyes open with her index finger and thumb.
Rintaro: Nwohh!? Wh-wh-what are you doing!?
Suzuha: Don't move.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha peers into my eye with a serious expression. But a second later, she lets go and steps back.
Suzuha: You're okay. You haven't been brainwashed.
Rintaro: ...What?
Suzuha: When you're brainwashed, they usually put a chip on the inside of your lower eyelid.
UNSPOKEN: A... chip? Immediately after saying that, Suzuha gasps and covers her mouth. Then she puts her hand on my shoulder and gives me an embarrassed smile.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro. Please keep that confidential.
UNSPOKEN: Don't tell me. Is she...
Rintaro: So you've been captured by the Organization before. Just like me.
Suzuha: ...Huh? The Organization? Are you talking about SERN?
Rintaro: No! Say no more. I understand your pain all too well.
Suzuha: Y-you do?
Rintaro: The Organization's secret brainwashing facility, known as Apocalypse of Galient. That place is a living hell. I don't want to revive any suppressed memories.
Suzuha: Um, right. I don't think it was called Apokawhatever, though... But it certainly was a living hell.
Rintaro: I can tell you'll make a good comrade, Part-Time Warrior. The day of Ragnarok is near!
Suzuha: C-cool!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha lifts her hand in a halfhearted gesture of enthusiasm.
Nae: Suzuha, what's 'brain watching'?
UNSPOKEN: Nae asks as she tugs on the hem of Suzuha's clothes.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. I, Hououin Kyouma, shall be the one to answer that.
Nae: Eh!? No... that's okay.
UNSPOKEN: Nae hides behind Suzuha.
Suzuha: Ahaha! Looks like Nae's afraid of you, Okabe Rintaro.
Rintaro: You do well to fear me, Sister Braun, but you should also pay me respect. For I am the world's most infamous mad scientist!
Nae: You're infamous?
Rintaro: Indeed. World leaders would kill to get their hands on my genius brain cells.
Nae: Wow...
UNSPOKEN: Still clinging to Suzuha's waist, Nae opens her eyes even wider and gasps in admiration.
Suzuha: That's how people talk when they've been brainwashed, Nae.
Nae: Eh?
Rintaro: Nonsense, Part-Time Warrior. My brain has not been washed since the day I was born.
Nae: Are you a liar, Mister Okarin?
Rintaro: Don't call me that!
Nae: ...!
Suzuha: You shouldn't yell at children. Look, she's shaking.
UNSPOKEN: But 'Mister' makes me sound old. I'm not even old enough to drink yet... what a disgrace. No, there's no point getting angry at a child. I need to show composure as an adult.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: I'm not a perv! I'm a pervy gentleman!
Kurisu: What does that even mean!?
Mayuri: Hey, guys? Do you think Okarin's okay?
UNSPOKEN: I can hear voices from the second story window. And since we can hear them clearly from here... Suzuha starts chuckling.
Rintaro: You heard everything, didn't you?
Suzuha: Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but I just couldn't help it!
Rintaro: Did you hear about the time machine too?
Suzuha: Oh, yeah. I heard. Way to go, you!
UNSPOKEN: She strikes my upper arm in what I assume is a gesture of encouragement. What is Way to go, you! supposed to mean?
Rintaro: You haven't told anyone, have you? If I can't trust you to keep silent, I'll have to take extreme--
Suzuha: I won't say a thing, I swear! Your secret's safe with me!
Rintaro: Great. There's just one thing I'd like to ask. Did you see some kind of electrical discharge on the second floor just now?
Suzuha: Electrical discharge? You mean like yesterday's rumbling?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Suzuha: It happened once before. You're lucky the boss wasn't around.
Nae: It shook. It was scary.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore the little girl's honest impression.
Rintaro: Just now, about a minute ago, it should've happened again.
Suzuha: Oh, really? I didn't see the second time.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha tilts her head quizzically, then turns back to her bicycle.
Suzuha: Maybe I was too preoccupied polishing my baby. Did you see it, Nae?
Nae: Nope.
UNSPOKEN: Sister Braun frantically shakes her head.
Rintaro: You didn't see the second one?
Nae: I didn't see it.
UNSPOKEN: Disappointment spreads through me. What does this mean? Events I remember happening... didn't. The fact that I sent a D-Mail. The fact that we argued over what to send. But Kurisu herself remembers that I called her 'Celeb Sev' during that argument. Right after sending the D-Mail, I was hit by a feeling of vertigo. That's probably related somehow.
Suzuha: Did something happen?
Rintaro: ...How much do you know about time travel?
Suzuha: ...What do you mean by that?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha seems slightly suspicious. So I explain to her what happened just now. Nae probably won't understand a word of it, so I don't think it'll be necessary to silence her.
Suzuha: ...I don't believe it.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's dumbfounded after hearing my explanation.
Suzuha: I've never heard of anything like that. Is it true? Are you telling the truth?
Rintaro: Of course. We've created a bona-fide time machine. And we were able to change the past! Nobody can deny our accomplishments. That's right, nobody!
Suzuha: Geez! That's not what I meant!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha grabs at her own hair in frustration. But then her expression turns thoughtful.
Suzuha: I don't know if what you're saying is true or not, but...
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly lowers her voice.
Suzuha: I think you should try asking John Titor.
Rintaro: ...John Titor?
Suzuha: I mean, he's a hot topic now, isn't he? A time traveler from the future! He might know something. Since you're both time travelers and all.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The undoing of past events could possibly be explained through the many-worlds interpretation that Titor talked about. And come to think of it, it was Titor's advice that led me to the IBN 5100. He should be able to give me a hint this time too. I quickly take out my phone.
Rintaro: It's me. John Titor may have come from the future to guide me. Yeah, that's right. His arrival here in 2010 must be the choice of Steins Gate. El Psy Kongroo.
Nae: Who is he talking to?
Suzuha: Dunno. Who could it be? Maybe it's someone from the future.
Nae: From the future...!
Rintaro: ...Do you want to know who I'm talking to, Sister Braun?
Nae: N-no, I...
UNSPOKEN: Nae shakes her head rapidly. She looks scared. I respond with the weary expression of a mad scientist who has seen everything and lost much.
Rintaro: Good. Even if you are interested, never ask. I could tell you, but then I'd have to silence you. And I don't want to have to do that to an innocent girl.
Nae: ...!
Suzuha: Come on, stop scaring her. She's just a little girl.
UNSPOKEN: I assume Nae is frightened because of the aura of danger that follows me everywhere. She's right to be.
Rintaro: I'll get in touch with Titor immediately. Your advice is appreciated, Part-Time Warrior!
Suzuha: Ahaha, was I useful? That's gr--
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior's eyes pop open mid-sentence.
Suzuha: Oh crap! The boss is back! The boss is back!
UNSPOKEN: I follow Suzuha's glance to see a moped headed this way. Judging by the sheer size of the driver, it must be Mister Braun.
Suzuha: Nae, if Manager asks, tell him I was doing my job!
Nae: Okay. But you have to let me ride your bike, okay?
Suzuha: Okay, okay! Good luck, Okabe Rintaro! I'm rooting for you!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha pats me on the shoulder and rushes into the workshop. Nae and I are left in front of the store. The driver stops the moped and takes off his full-face helmet, revealing Mister Braun.
Nae: Welcome back, Daddy!
Tennouji: Nae! What did this nutjob do to you!?
UNSPOKEN: Manager leaps from his moped and interposes himself between me and his daughter. His eyes are bloodshot. My spine freezes. What a powerful aura of malice!
Tennouji: You son of a... how dare you make moves on my precious daughter!? I'll kill ya!
Rintaro: W-wait! I haven't done anything!
Tennouji: Then why were you talking with Nae alone, huh!?
Rintaro: We weren't alone! Suzuha was here too! That girl was skipping work to polish her bicycle!
UNSPOKEN: Please forgive me, Suzuha. My life is too precious.
Tennouji: ...Is that true, Nae?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Tch, stubborn old man. He thinks he owns the place just because he owns the place.
Tennouji: Understand? I won't let you off easy next time you make moves on my daughter.
Rintaro: I wouldn't do something so suicidal.
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun nods in satisfaction.
Tennouji: Nae, I bought some cream puffs, so let's eat them together.
Nae: Okay!
UNSPOKEN: He parks his moped next to Part-Time Warrior's bicycle, then enters the store hand in hand with his daughter. Cream puffs? You can't get any more out of character than that. Is this what having kids does to a man?
Tennouji: Hey, part-timer! I know you were slacking off! Hey! And why is the 42-inch on!? I thought I told you to turn it off!
Suzuha: I'm sorryyyyy!
UNSPOKEN: I leave Suzuha to her fate and return to the lab. I need to get in touch with Titor as quickly as possible. He might be able to give me the answers I seek. He might even be able to explain the event that I witnessed a few days ago -- the instantaneous disappearance of everyone on the streets of Akiba. When I burst into the lab, everyone looks at me with concerned expressions. Mayuri starts to speak, presumably to console me, but I put my hand up to stop her.
Rintaro: Wait! We'll talk when everything's over.
UNSPOKEN: I explain that we can't experiment anymore now that Mister Braun is back. Then I dismiss everyone for today.
Mayuri: Um, I'll buy more bananas tomorrow, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri picks her Upa plush toy off the sofa and hands it to me.
Mayuri: So for now, hug this little guy suuuuper tight and cheer up, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she's worried about me. But she shouldn't be. It's my job to worry about her. She has work after this, so she leaves. Daru goes with her, probably to see Faris. Before he leaves, Lukako apologizes again for messing up the LOTO SIX ticket. He knows about the time machine now. Next time I see him, I'll make him a lab mem to secure his silence. Moeka leaves with nothing more than a tiny bow. In less than 30 minutes, Kurisu and I are the only ones left in the lab.
Rintaro: Hey, assistant. You're not going back to your hotel?
Kurisu: Is there a problem?
Rintaro: No, no problem. I was just wondering what you were still doing here.
Kurisu: Nothing. I just wanted to think for a bit.
Rintaro: Can't you think at your hotel?
Kurisu: What? You're kicking me out?
Rintaro: Ahh, I get it. You'd be lonely in your hotel room, but you have no friends, so you want me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to look after you. Isn't that right, you spoiled Celeb Sev?
Kurisu: You're the lonely one, aren't you? You've been acting gloomy all day. Do you need some advice? I'm an outsider, in a sense, so it should be easier to talk to me, right? A man getting advice from a younger woman is kind of *mumble mumble*, but if you're fine with that, then just ask away.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I need to send some emails. If you insist on staying here, then be quiet and stay out of my way. Okay, Zombie?
Kurisu: Of all your stupid names, that one's the worst.
UNSPOKEN: Despite her complaint, Kurisu makes no move to leave. She sits down on the sofa and starts reading a massive technical book. On closer inspection, I realize it's in English. Maybe my assistant isn't a genius, but just an extreme studier.
Rintaro: Want some coffee?
Kurisu: Sure.
UNSPOKEN: I make some instant coffee for Kurisu. I take a fresh Dr P out of the refrigerator for myself and sit down in front of the computer. Alright, let's do what needs to be done. I only hope this doesn't get undone too. My plan is to follow Suzuha's advice. Get in touch with Titor. After all, what I'm experiencing right now could have something to do with the many-worlds interpretation. Which would mean that the Kurisu sitting over there isn't the same Kurisu with whom I discussed the LOTO SIX. And it would mean that this lab isn't the lab where we discussed it. How can that be?
Kurisu: What's wrong with you? Stop fidgeting.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glares at me coldly. Dammit. She's looking at me like I'm a perv again. I keep telling her I'm not a perv. I'm Hououin Kyouma. Anyway, why am I the only one who remembers what happened? That's another question I'll ask John Titor. I don't know if he's a real time traveler, but he did help with the IBN 5100, so I'm inclined to trust him. But what should I write? Should I tell him everything? In any case, worrying about it won't solve anything. Enough stalling. I take out my phone. I sigh and chug my soda. Now to wait for his reply. I check the @channel thread just to make sure, but Titor hasn't posted recently.
Kurisu: That was a pretty heavy sigh.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says without lifting her eyes from her book. Maybe I should tell her about how that D-Mail changed the past. And about how she seems to have lost her memories about it. Why am I considering talking to Kurisu? Because I don't think Mayuri or Daru would understand this problem. Kurisu, on the other hand, might be able to form a hypothesis. That's what I hope. Just then, my phone rings. Is it Titor? Titor's calling me!? Startled, I look at my phone's display. It's Daru. I click my tongue in disappointment. Don't scare me like that.
Rintaro: Christina. There's something I want to talk to you about.
Kurisu: Shouldn't you answer your phone first?
Rintaro: It's Daru. It's probably something stupid.
UNSPOKEN: Before he left, Daru said he was going to MayQueen. He had a silly grin on his face. There's no way he'd suddenly call me for something serious.
Kurisu: You're really self-righteous, you know.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at me. Her expression is more stern than usual.
Kurisu: ...I haven't known you long enough to tell whether you're serious.
Rintaro: It happened. And then everyone except me forgot about it. Or rather, the fact that it happened was erased from history.
Kurisu: The past changed, so the present changed with it? The Butterfly Effect, huh. But what you're saying is nonsense.
Rintaro: Why do you say that?
Kurisu: Why do you remember that the past changed? If you used a time machine to physically travel to the past and change history, then that might explain it -- barely. But with a D-Mail, you haven't taken one step outside the present, have you?' So if the present changed, and we changed with it, you would have to change too. Or are you saying you didn't change because you're the observer? In that case, you're claiming that you're not a human being.
UNSPOKEN: I understand what Kurisu's saying, and I don't have the means to convince her otherwise. And that's exactly why I'm trying to get in touch with Titor.
Rintaro: ...Everything is the choice of Steins Gate! This is the power of my magic eye, Reading Steiner! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Aaaand he's at it again.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and goes back to her book.
Kurisu: I'm not playing along with your games. I bet you came up with that Reading Whatever thing just now, didn't you?
UNSPOKEN: I should have known better than to approach Kurisu unprepared. There's still not enough information, even for a mad scientist like me, to explain the things I've experienced. I bite my lip in frustration.
Rintaro: Hello?
Itaru: Okarin! I've made a terrible mistake!
Rintaro: Mistake?
UNSPOKEN: Is it about the PhoneWave (name subject to change)? Is it related to the phenomenon I experienced earlier? I gulp. I know it's pathetic for a mad scientist to show anxiety, but I can't help it. I lick my dry lips and wait for Daru to speak.
Itaru: Actually... I left my wallet at the lab.
Rintaro: Wh...at?
Itaru: I can't go to MayQueen like this! Can you bring me my wallet? I'll buy you a drink.
Rintaro: Go jump in the river!
UNSPOKEN: I shout and hang up. Dammit! I got stressed for nothing. But right afterward, my phone rings again.
Rintaro: Tch, persistent little...
UNSPOKEN: It's only a three minute walk from the lab to MayQueen. Come get it yourself.
Rintaro: Yeah? I'm not delivering your wallet, okay!?
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Okarin, Okarin!
Rintaro: Oh, it's you. You're with Daru, right? You don't have to lend that dumbass any money, okay?
Mayuri: Um, okay♪ So, Okarin, I was wondering if you cheered up. Did you hug Upa like I said?
Rintaro: No! I am a mad scientist full of madness and ambition!
Mayuri: That's good! You know, if you're worried about anything, talk to Mayushii, okay? Mayushii doesn't understand hard things, but she does understand Okarin♪
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Sure! We've been together since we were little, after all. Ehehe!
Rintaro: ...Hmph. I'm hanging up. Work hard now.
Mayuri: Thanks! Bye!
Rintaro: ...Hmph, she thinks she knows me.
Kurisu: Okabe. You're grinning.
Rintaro: ...!! N-nonsense, Celeb Sev!
Kurisu: Don't call me Celeb Sev!
UNSPOKEN: I was going to tell Kurisu the truth, but now I've changed my mind. The mad scientist Hououin Kyouma would never grin at the words of a mere hostage like Mayuri.
Kurisu: You look like a girl in love waiting for an email from her boyfriend.
UNSPOKEN: She sure likes to attack me for every little thing.
Rintaro: Are you really that desperate for attention?
Kurisu: Just getting revenge. You're always making fun of me, so I deserve at least this much.
Rintaro: Despite what you may think, I actually respect you.
Kurisu: That's rich. You don't even say my name right.
Rintaro: I'm sorry about that.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts her face and stares at me in shock.
Kurisu: Well, that's unexpected... You actually apologized.
Rintaro: I do apologize. But I can't help it. For my brain has recorded you as my assistant, Christina, and I cannot correct it! MUHAHAHAHA!
Kurisu: I'm gonna crack your skull open and stick electrodes in your hippocampus.
UNSPOKEN: Right after that silly exchange, John Titor's mail arrives. I quickly open the mail.
Kurisu: Who are you talking to?
Rintaro: John Titor.
Kurisu: Huh? No way.
Rintaro: He's open to discussion as long as you're not trying to troll him, and his mail address is public. This is the second time we've exchanged mails.
Kurisu: No wonder you keep referencing Titor's posts. You believe him, don't you?
Rintaro: Not entirely. But there are several points in his story I do agree with.
Kurisu: Really? I can't see it as anything but fiction.
UNSPOKEN: The tone of Titor's mail has suddenly changed. He thinks I have some kind of power? First, I feel a sense of pride. Next comes apprehension. Could this be a trap? In the first place, I can't confirm if this is the real John Titor. And I don't even know if the John Titor from 2000 was really a time traveler. If Titor's worldline theory holds, then that could explain the supernatural events I've experienced. But this last statement is pretty hard to swallow. As soon as I begin to doubt, all of his words start to smell like lies. That stuff about the IBN 5100 might have been a lie too. That mysterious program code could be just a simple bug. Now that he claims I have special powers, he's starting to sound like some new-age con artist. And besides, I don't need Titor to tell me that.
Rintaro: Muhahahahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks at the sound of my laughter.
Kurisu: D-don't just start laughing like that. It's creepy.
Rintaro: Hehehe, but I must! He says I have powers! Isn't that rich!? You don't have to tell me what I already know, John Titor!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: My true power... is the magic eye, 'Reading Steiner'!
Kurisu: Sounds to me like you've got a bad case of chuunibyou.
Rintaro: Eh?
Kurisu: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hides her face in her book. She pretends to read, but I can see from here that her ears are bright red. How does she know about chuunibyou? Is she an @channeler after all? No, that doesn't matter now. I need to reply to Titor. Ok, now it's getting creepy. Is this some new cult? Or is he really trying to con me here? He's also contradicting himself again. The Titor who appeared in 2000 said he traveled back in time to retrieve technology lost in World War III. Yet this guy's saying he came to prevent the creation of a dystopia ruled by SERN. This guy might be an impostor. I'm fed up, so I quit replying. But just as I'm about to put away my phone--
Rintaro: ...Tch.
UNSPOKEN: Another mail comes. I open up my phone reluctantly while enduring Kurisu's cold glare. And what I read there... Raises the hairs on the back of my neck. What is this? Fear? Disgust? I don't know, but something is very wrong.
Rintaro: John Titor is a fraud!
UNSPOKEN: I scream at the absurdity. Daru and Kurisu give me exasperated stares, but I ignore them.
Rintaro: Me, the Messiah? Hmph. Ludicrous! To think that I would save humanity! I am no Messiah! I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma, who has walked through fire and bathed in an ocean of blood to escape the clutches of the Organization! My desire is chaos unending. Do you think that destroying the System will bring peace to the world? The answer is no! No, I say! Death to the naive fools who believe such lies! The collapse of authority means that lawless CHAOS shall reign! MUHAHAHAHA!
Itaru: Um, Makise-shi? What the hell happened to Okarin?
Kurisu: Beats me. A few hours ago, he was exchanging emails with John Titor, and then he suddenly got quiet. And then he started ranting. He's been like this for half an hour.
Itaru: He's been acting strange all day, don't you think?
Kurisu: Agreed.
Rintaro: Listen up, lab mems! It's time to resume Operation Urd!
Itaru: Seriously? The manager's still downstairs, you know?
Rintaro: Fret not. It's almost closing time for the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: The PhoneWave doesn't work at night, remember?
Rintaro: It's worth a try! We need to figure out how late the PhoneWave (name subject to change) works. At the same time, I want to see if the two of you can use D-Mails to change the past.
Itaru: Change the past...!
UNSPOKEN: I still don't believe in the many-worlds interpretation or Titor's attractor field theory. Actually, I'm starting to doubt them more and more. If we want to know how the world works, we'll have to figure it out ourselves. And to do that, we need to experiment. One thing I'm sure of is that the mass disappearance in Akiba is related to D-Mails somehow, as is the strange disconnect between my memories and everyone else's. According to Titor, I have a supernatural power -- the one I call Reading Steiner. My doubts about Titor's veracity aside, I do need to determine if I am indeed the only person who keeps his memories when the past changes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Preparations for the PhoneWave (name subject to change) are complete. Daru's eyes wander to the ceiling in thought. Next to him, Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and starts gathering her things.
Kurisu: I'm going back to my hotel. Show me your report on today's experiment tomorrow.
Rintaro: Hold it!
UNSPOKEN: When I grab her by the shoulder, Kurisu nearly topples over.
Kurisu: Hey! What's your problem!?
Rintaro: Who's writing that report?
Kurisu: You, of course. This is your operation. And if we could get a report from the subject too, that would be even better.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Daru.
Rintaro: ...Are you not interested in changing the past? What happened to your eagerness to experiment?
Kurisu: Did you forget what I said this afternoon? I'm against it.
Rintaro: But you were so enthusiastic when we began the experiments. You went along without a single complaint.
Kurisu: In your dreams, maybe.
UNSPOKEN: I twist my lips into a grin.
Rintaro: You're not being objective, Christi... Celeb Sev.
Kurisu: If you're going to correct yourself, at least get it right.
Rintaro: We've already performed one experiment. I changed the past.
Itaru: Hey! No fair!
Rintaro: Ah, but you were in on it too. But when the past changed, you forgot that it had ever happened.
Itaru: Are you talking about this afternoon? I mean, when you suddenly started asking about the LOTO SIX.
Rintaro: Exactly.
UNSPOKEN: I explain what happened earlier this afternoon.
Itaru: ...You're not joking, are you?
Rintaro: I'm serious.
Itaru: ...Seriously?
UNSPOKEN: One good look at my face, and Daru seems to understand I'm not joking. Kurisu, on the other hand, has a sour look. But she's always like that. Why did everyone else lose their memories? Actually, did everyone else lose their memories? In order to find out, I need them to perform the same experiment.
Itaru: Okay! There's one thing about the past I definitely want to change.
UNSPOKEN: Daru is quick to adapt, as always. We've known each other for a long time. He trusts me implicitly. ...Or maybe he's just being faithful to his desires.
Rintaro: What? Are you going to tell yourself to go on a diet?
Itaru: I wouldn't diet even if future me told me to.
UNSPOKEN: Daru tells me he wants to change the events of the Faris Cup held at MayQueen+Nyan² a few days ago. On that day, Daru got insta-killed by Faris in a RaiNet AccessBattlers match.
Rintaro: You're gonna change the result?
Itaru: I remember every move Faris-tan made. It'll be easy to take her from behind. Aren't I a genius?
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... Faris is probably too good for that to work. She'll just counter his counter-strategy.
Rintaro: Whatever. Daru, prepare to D-Mail!
Itaru: Hell yeah! I'll give it my best shot!
UNSPOKEN: Daru hunches over and starts typing out the mail, leaving me to input the forwarding address into the PhoneWave (name subject to change). I sit in front of the X68000 and take a look at my watch. It's 6:55 PM. No way to know if the PhoneWave (name subject to change) will operate at this hour. We haven't figured out the exact window yet.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: You're awfully persistent. I see why they call you The Zombie.
Kurisu: I don't follow.
Rintaro: Zombies never stop coming. They're persistent.
Kurisu: Cut the jokes. I'm serious here.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's glare is scarier than usual. I might've wet myself a little there.
Rintaro: I think that the key is who receives the D-Mail. Only the recipient himself is able to retain his memories. That would be my guess.
Kurisu: Hmmm...
UNSPOKEN: Actually, that hypothesis doesn't explain the mass disappearance in Akihabara. Of course, I still don't have concrete proof that the mass disappearance incident was related to D-Mail. We'll never know unless we experiment.
Rintaro: After Daru, you'll send the next D-Mail. Think about what you want to write.
Kurisu: No.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu replies emphatically.
Kurisu: I'm not sending one.
Rintaro: Scared?
Kurisu: That's not it.
Rintaro: Then are you worried about time paradoxes?
Kurisu: Well, there's that, but it's more like a personal policy.
UNSPOKEN: A policy?
Kurisu: Changing the past feels like cheating. I may only have 18 years of life experience, but I don't want to change any of those memories.
Rintaro: I see. You're perfect now, so you don't want to change.
Kurisu: That's not what I said... I don't want to deny who I've been. Because even my failures are a part of who I am today.
Rintaro: Even if we solved all of the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s problems, you wouldn't use it? Even if John Titor said you could use his time machine to travel to whatever time you wish, you wouldn't use it? Even if a blue robot cat from the future were to jump out of your desk and give you a doorway to everywhere, you wouldn't use it?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods firmly.
Kurisu: I wouldn't.
Rintaro: But you love experiments. Don't you?
Kurisu: S-something wrong with that?
Rintaro: So basically, you like to experiment on other people while you watch and cackle at the results! You truly are a mad scientist!
Kurisu: Why you--
Itaru: Done!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stalks towards me, but is pushed aside by Daru, who presents his phone with a triumphant grin. I take a look.
Kurisu: I don't get it.
UNSPOKEN: Me neither.
Itaru: It's how Faris-tan placed her cards. Can't you tell? You guys are lame.
UNSPOKEN: Well, whatever. Preparations are complete. If this works, the mail will arrive at Daru's phone 52 hours ago. The discharge phenomenon occurs normally. I close my eyes to shield them from the lightning and sparks. The D-Mail was sent. Daru should have received it two days ago. However...
Rintaro: Why do I remember?
UNSPOKEN: When I sent a D-Mail earlier this afternoon, everyone else forgot all about it. If Daru's D-Mail changed the past, then the present should have changed too. Daru should be the only one who remembers that he sent a D-Mail.
Itaru: Did the past change?
UNSPOKEN: Daru looks around in confusion.
Rintaro: Wait. Daru, you remember too?
Itaru: Huh? Remember what?
Rintaro: That you just sent a D-Mail!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Of course I remember. What are you... Oh, I see. According to your hypothesis, you and I shouldn't remember sending the D-Mail.
Rintaro: Daru, did you beat Faris in the Faris Cup?
Itaru: ...I dunno.
Rintaro: You said the winner gets Faris's home cooking, right? Did you eat it? What happened?
Itaru: I don't know... This sucks.
UNSPOKEN: I check Daru's send history. As expected, the D-Mail he just sent isn't there. I do, however, find the D-Mail in his inbox. He received it two days ago, just like we wanted. This is the same thing that happened when I sent my D-Mail.
Kurisu: ...Maybe the past hasn't changed?
Itaru: I'll try calling Mayu-shi.
UNSPOKEN: He's the one who changed the past, yet he doesn't remember what happened after the change? That's odd.
Itaru: Mayu-shi? You're still at work, right? Is Faris-tan there? ...She is!? Um, can you ask her if I beat her in the Faris Cup? Did I get to eat her home cooking? ...Who lost? I did? Oh... Barely took five seconds? Oh... okay...
UNSPOKEN: Daru's shoulders droop as he hangs up the phone.
Kurisu: I guess that means the past hasn't changed.
Itaru: Why!? It changed for Okarin, right!?
Kurisu: Maybe your foolproof plan wasn't so foolproof. Like, maybe it only gave you a slight advantage.
UNSPOKEN: I had the same thought. Faris is supposedly a world-class player. Daru's time travel cheat may not have been enough.
Kurisu: Since Faris-san defeated you anyway, the past didn't change.
Itaru: Yeah, but I mean, the game would've played out differently.
Rintaro: That might not be enough to cause worldline divergence.
Kurisu: Like Okabe said, you need to make a change that's easier to observe. Or else there's no point to this experiment. Um, n-not that I approve of this experiment or anything.
Itaru: No, it's not over yet. I can still fight!
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts typing another mail.
Itaru: One more time. I'll try sending my past self some more advice. This time, something that'll ensure my victory.
Kurisu: You really want to win that badly?
Rintaro: More like he wants to eat Faris's home cooking that badly.
Itaru: That's my Final Answer.
UNSPOKEN: Daru writes another D-Mail. I don't bother checking what it says. I won't understand anyway. We activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and send the mail through, just like before.
Rintaro: Oh...?
UNSPOKEN: Nothing happens. No discharge. Usually, it happens ten to twenty seconds after pushing the start button. The timer counts down to zero without incident.
Kurisu: ...Out of time?
Rintaro: Looks like it.
Itaru: But my advice was perfect...
Rintaro: There's nothing we can do about it. We'll postpone the experiment till tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: I check the clock. It's just past 7PM. Looks like that's the cutoff.
Kurisu: After I left yesterday, I was thinking. How exactly does the PhoneWave make time travel possible?
Rintaro: It works like the LHC. Didn't you say the LHC was like a giant microwave?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Whoa, that sounds worse than earthquakes.
Kurisu: I know it looks like SERN is able to create Kerr black holes willy-nilly, but that's not supposed to be possible. You can't just press a button and make a black hole. Even if you could, the risks would be unthinkable. It's ridiculous to suggest that a household microwave could generate a black hole.
UNSPOKEN: Titor's time machine is small enough to fit inside a car, and it makes black holes. Well, that's what he said, at least. Now that I'm a little skeptical of Titor, I don't feel like bringing it up.
Kurisu: My point is that there has to be something else going on here. Some outside source must be injecting electrons into this microwave.
UNSPOKEN: An outside source of electrons... What could that be?
Kurisu: Well, I'm going back to my hotel. I've had enough of this filthy man cave. See you tomorrow. Don't forget to write that report.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu flings off her lab coat and hurries out the door. ...She was serious about the report?
Itaru: Hmm... Makise-shi's lab coat... I wonder what it smells like...
UNSPOKEN: As Daru reaches for the lab coat to smell Kurisu's lingering fragrance, I grab him by the neck and pull down hard.
Rintaro: Cut that out! If you have time to be perverted, then go think about how to change the past for tomorrow's experiment!
UNSPOKEN: There wasn't anything to do after Kurisu left. I tried operating the PhoneWave (name subject to change) a couple more times before I went to sleep, but the discharge phenomenon simply would not occur. Now it's the next morning, and I'm sitting on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop. It's still early, but it's already blazing hot. It's as if I'm baking in the sun. Sweat is dripping off my chin. We're supposed to be experimenting today, but not a single lab mem has arrived yet. After waiting impatiently for a while, the first person I see is...
Tennouji: Okabe! Don't you have anything better to do?
Nae: Good morning, Mister Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: The Tennouji pair come riding in on a moped.
Rintaro: How many times do I have to tell you? Call me Kyouma!
Nae: Um... what should I do, Daddy?
Tennouji: What nonsense are you trying to feed my daughter?
Rintaro: Have you not properly educated her, Mister Braun? This child of yours refuses to call me by my true name. Please do something about it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Good morning, Nae-chan.
Nae: Good morning.
UNSPOKEN: They get along so well that you'd think they were sisters. Mayuri has the ability to get along with anyone, so it's no surprise. Nae avoids me and Daru, but she adores Mayuri, and always goes for a flying hug whenever she gets a chance. Daru sometimes complains about that. What a lucky girl! I wish I could jump into Mayu-shi's chest like that! No, wait. Maybe it would be better to have Nae-tan jump into my chest! His internal debate went on for hours.
Mayuri: This is for you, Nae-chan. Enjoy♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes some candy out of her convenience store bag and gives it to Nae.
Nae: Thank you!
Mayuri: I have some for Okarin too!
UNSPOKEN: She offers me some, which I silently accept.
Mayuri: Why are you sitting out here?
Rintaro: I'm waiting for all lab mems to assemble.
Nae: Um, are you slacking off?
UNSPOKEN: Why you chipmunk! Do you have to be so blunt? One of these days, I'll teach you to respect me!
Mayuri: Um, Nae-chan? I'm sure Okarin's thinking about important stuff.
Nae: Oh... wow!
UNSPOKEN: Good job, Mayuri.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin. It's too early to make PhoneWave-chan sparkle, right? Can I go nuke some yakisoba bread?
Rintaro: We removed the door. You can't heat food in it anymore.
Mayuri: Oh, right. That makes me sad... By the way, have you had breakfast?
Rintaro: Nope.
Mayuri: Then let's eat together. We can eat the yakisoba bread cold, and then heat up some canned ramen in hot water. Wanna join us, Nae-chan?
Nae: I'm okay. I ate.
Mayuri: Okay!
UNSPOKEN: Nae waves, then heads back inside the Braun Tube Workshop. Lured by the prospect of canned ramen, I go inside the lab with Mayuri. The stagnant air makes the room hotter than outside. It doesn't improve much even after we open the window and turn on the fan.
Mayuri: Daru-kun and Chris-chan are kinda late, huh?
Rintaro: Indeed. Their lack of dedication is appalling.
UNSPOKEN: Just then, the sound of a braking bicycle comes from downstairs. When I look out the window, I see Part-Time Warrior arriving. She immediately notices me, looks up, and waves.
Suzuha: Sup!
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Suzu-san.
Suzuha: If it isn't Shiina Mayuri! Tutturu♪
UNSPOKEN: They seem to have hit it off. Like I said, Mayuri gets along with everyone.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro, did you talk to Titor?
Rintaro: ...Maybe.
UNSPOKEN: I thought I dodged the question, but Part-Time Warrior is persistent.
Suzuha: Come on! You emailed him, didn't you?
Rintaro: Yes, but I'm starting to doubt whether he can be trusted.
Suzuha: What!? Why!? What went wrong!?
UNSPOKEN: Why is she so flustered?
Rintaro: Oh, so you're a Titor otaku.
UNSPOKEN: I guess there's an otaku for everything.
Mayuri: Look, it's Chris-chan!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Chris-chan, tutturu♪
Kurisu: Good morning.
Rintaro: What did you say to the part-timer downstairs?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders.
Kurisu: Nothing much. I told her if she wanted to say something, she should just say it.
UNSPOKEN: I don't think that's nothing... She's lucky that didn't lead to blows.
Rintaro: What did she say?
Kurisu: Nothing. She just groaned. I wonder what's wrong with her.
Itaru: She's jealous of Makise-shi's popularity, duh!
UNSPOKEN: Daru bursts into the lab.
Itaru: She's thinking 'If only I'd joined the lab instead of her. Then I would be having fun with everyone right now! I'm so jealous!' or something like that. I'm telling you, man. 3D is hell.
Kurisu: If she wants my lab mem number, she can have it.
Rintaro: What!? The lab mem number you carry is the highest credential a scientist could hope to achieve! They sell for millions on the black market, but you would give it away!?
Kurisu: It's not exactly a counterfeit passport. Also, shut up.
Mayuri: Mayushii wants everyone to get along.
UNSPOKEN: Well, I don't really care about their little quarrel anyway. Only one thing interests me now: the mystery of D-Mail. We begin experimenting immediately. Even though it's still morning, the electrical discharge occurs on demand. Things look favorable today. That reminds me. We haven't talked to Mister Braun yet. Maybe we should come up with an excuse first. To be honest, though, I don't care what he thinks. For we are at war! War against the Organization and SERN, the dark powers that rule the world from the shadows!
Itaru: Anzai-sensei, I want to eat Faris-tan's home cooking...
Mayuri: If you give up, it's game over!
UNSPOKEN: Unfortunately, Daru's second D-Mail fails to change the past. I get the feeling RaiNet matches are difficult to cheat your way out of like this. Not to mention we're limited to 36 bytes of text. Looks like we have to give up on Daru. He's gone to drown his sorrows in the internet. Alright, so who do we experiment on? From the look on Kurisu's face, I don't think she's willing to change her policy. That leaves only one candidate.
Rintaro: Mayuri, it's time for you to change the past.
Mayuri: Eh? Me? Are you sure? But, um... what should I change?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks stumped as she slurps her canned ramen.
Mayuri: Oh, I know! I'll make Luka-kun wear one of my costumes!
Rintaro: How?
Mayuri: By sending Luka-kun a mail! Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: I don't think a simple request is going to change the past...
Rintaro: Can't you think of anything easier to change and observe?
Mayuri: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: She slurps more ramen.
Rintaro: ...Let's use that canned ramen.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like I'm the only one with ideas.
Rintaro: You'll send a D-Mail to yourself one hour ago. Type 'I wanna eat canned oden' or something like that.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Oh, that might work!
Kurisu: Eh...?
Mayuri: When I went to the vending machine today, I spent ten minutes wondering if I should get canned oden or canned ramen. It was really hard!
Rintaro: So a little push should be enough to make you choose canned oden! Alright, let's go with that!
Mayuri: Okay! But before we change the past, I gotta finish this ramen first.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri starts shoveling the ramen into her mouth.
Kurisu: What happens if you don't finish it?
Mayuri: It'll go to waste♪
Kurisu: Oh... of course. Ahaha...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clearly doesn't know what to say. Mayuri really is a ditz. I'm used to it by now, of course. I get the PhoneWave (name subject to change) prepped for D-Mail. The content of Mayuri's mail is simple enough. I just hope it actually works. We wait for Mayuri to finish eating her canned ramen, then activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change). To send it one hour back, we input 1#. In other words, we set the microwave for only one second. I wonder if the discharge phenomenon will occur in such a short span of time. That's something else we'll learn from this experiment.
Rintaro: PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!
Mayuri: Aw... I haven't sent it yet...
UNSPOKEN: There wasn't enough time to blink.
Kurisu: So one second isn't enough for the discharge to occur. That's what I expected, but it's good to have proof.
Itaru: What if you try warming it up beforehand?
Kurisu: Warming it up?
Itaru: One second isn't enough, right? So just run the microwave for about 30 seconds without sending a mail. As soon as it's done, run it again with the timer set at one second. That should cause the discharge, right?
Kurisu: Any basis for that?
Itaru: Nope.
Rintaro: Damn. Mayuri, got anything else!?
Mayuri: Um, well... we could change the flavor of rice ball I bought last night...
Rintaro: Do you remember what kind of rice ball you ate last night?
Mayuri: Smoked tuna.
Kurisu: She remembers!?
UNSPOKEN: Impressive.
Mayuri: So let's change that to, um... fish eggs!
UNSPOKEN: ...Maybe we should find another test subject. Something is telling me we're going to have to look outside the lab. I go for a walk to clear my head. After lunch at King Burger, I grab a coffee at the Starbecks on the first floor of Yodobashi. I left Mayuri and the others at the lab. I need some time to get my thoughts in order. I recall what happened when I sent myself the LOTO SIX numbers. The moment I sent that D-Mail, I felt a strong tremor, and then the world as I knew it changed slightly. The fact that I had sent a D-Mail had been undone. I know that because it had disappeared from my send history. However, it was in my inbox. The mail had definitely reached the past. What does this mean? The mail was received but never sent. Isn't that a time paradox? Is that the reason why everyone else lost their memories? Why did that happen? The Butterfly Effect? That's not an answer. Changing the past changed the world. Titor spoke of divergence. When divergence changes, are people's memories reconstructed to match the new worldline? Then how come I remember the previous worldline even after the past changes? My deliberations are interrupted by an incoming mail. ...Tch. I don't have time for this. It's a mail, so I can just reply to it later. I concentrate on my coffee. However... All these mails... No doubt about it. It's got to be Kiryu Moeka, the mail demon known as Shining Finger. How can she be so shy in real life and so persistent in email? There's something wrong with that woman. I sigh and open my mail reluctantly.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: She wants to send a D-Mail? That reminds me. Yesterday, I made Moeka Lab Mem 005. That means she's qualified to participate in our experiments. Moeka seems serious, so she might meet my demands. Most importantly, all the other lab mems are completely useless when it comes to D-Mails. I still haven't been able to verify whether or not I can keep my memories if someone else changes the past.
Rintaro: But wait...
UNSPOKEN: I'm worried. Moeka works for an editorial company. In other words, she's related to the media. What if she sends a D-Mail and leaks word of the time machine? We'd be flooded by press. Gone will be the days of lurking in the shadows. My location will be exposed to the Organization. Of course, sooner or later we're going to have to announce our findings to the world. But in that case, I'd rather choose a national newspaper or TV network to cover the event rather than some shady magazine. That way, it'll spread faster throughout Japan -- nay, the world. Either way, something tells me it's better not to go public through Moeka. However, Moeka is a lab mem. Yesterday, we told her everything about the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and D-Mails. Moreover, we made her one of us. It was necessary to buy her silence. Realizing that I have no reason to deny Moeka her request, I put my phone to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. Yeah, I have some doubts. What? You can tell by my voice? Hmph, you know me too well. So, about whether or not I should include Shining Finger in the PhoneWave (name subject to change) experiments... ...What? Nonsense. You want me to offer her as a sacrifice? True, I am prepared to make sacrifices in order to bring chaos to the world, but... ...No, there's no problem. I shouldn't have hesitated. Pathetic. Maybe I'm not cut out to be a mad scientist. ...Yeah, you might say her offer was a message. No doubt this too is the choice of Steins Gate. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: It's decided. I type a reply to Moeka's mail. After sending it off, I hurry back to the lab. When I get back to the lab, Moeka is squatting at the bottom of the staircase. Since she's not sitting on the bench, I guess that crouching while holding her knees is this particular woman's favorite position. She's staring at her phone like usual. Once she notices me approaching, she slowly stands up. But she doesn't look at me.
Moeka: ...Thank you.
Rintaro: For what? I don't think you're selfish. In fact, I'm grateful for your offer.
UNSPOKEN: Once we enter the lab, I get all the lab mems to stop what they're doing, and then tell them about Moeka's situation.
Mayuri: I think it's a good idea! Moeka-san is a lab mem too!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: So, what sorta mail does Kiryu-shi plan to send?
Rintaro: My request is that its contents be simple and easy to measure, so that we can confirm whether or not the past changes.
UNSPOKEN: A new mail. Why does she have to explain every little thing with a mail? No, more importantly...
Rintaro: A secret? What do you mean?
Kurisu: What's going on?
Rintaro: No, that's not the problem.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu peeks at my phone from beside me.
Kurisu: Hmmm, I see. I understand how you feel, but since this is an experiment, data collection should take priority.
Rintaro: Oh? We agree for once, assistant.
Kurisu: I-I'm not agreeing with you, exactly. If we don't collect data, then we'll never figure out how the PhoneWave works.
Mayuri: But girls have lots of secrets, you know? You shouldn't ask her to tell her secrets, Okarin. That's perverted!
Itaru: Whoa! Is that where we're going with this!?
Rintaro: Calm down, Daru!
UNSPOKEN: I turn to Mayuri and Moeka, who appear to have formed some kind of mainstream girl alliance.
Rintaro: We're not asking you to send something private.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods firmly at my words. Looks like she doesn't intend to join the mainstream girl alliance.
Kurisu: Even if you want to send something private, you shouldn't for now. We still don't know how this thing handles paradoxes, so we need to be extremely careful.
Moeka: ...Nothing private?
Kurisu: Nothing you want to keep secret, at least. Even if you mean well, the mail's content might have a serious effect on the timeline. You should show your mail to a third party and have them check if the content is problematic or not.
Rintaro: Indeed. My assistant said everything I wanted to say. I will add only that the experiment must go on!
Kurisu: ...I wasn't speaking for you. Don't misunderstand.
UNSPOKEN: Cheeky little...
Kurisu: Experiments prioritize data over privacy in the first place. If you're going to be a test subject, you need to be prepared for that.
UNSPOKEN: Don't tell me that's the reason Kurisu won't send a D-Mail herself.
Mayuri: Really? Mayushii wasn't prepared for that... I'm sorry, Chris-chan...
Kurisu: You don't have to apologize. I'm not criticizing you. It's just how these things work.
UNSPOKEN: I imagine some people might take issue with that statement, but I'll refrain from saying anything. I'd rather not get my head chewed off right now. Moeka's expression doesn't change. Same as always. I don't know what she's thinking.
Rintaro: You're a lab mem. You need to trust us. Save private information for another day. If you can't... then I'll be forced to show you what lies dormant inside of the great Hououin Kyouma -- the terrible power of insanity!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka is already typing on her phone. My threat was ineffectual, it seems.
Rintaro: Well, I can show you my arrival history.
Moeka: ...And the send history?
Rintaro: Don't have one. The send history disappears after you send the email.
UNSPOKEN: I confirmed that after I sent that D-Mail yesterday. Moeka was there, but she doesn't remember either. Looks like she understands. I show the mail to Kurisu too.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Is that supposed to be encouragement? Mayuri sounds concerned for some reason.
Itaru: So, whatcha gonna send? Okarin wants us to change the past in an easy-to-measure way, but that's setting the bar way too high.
Rintaro: Nonsense. You're all just aiming too low.
Moeka: I... have an idea.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka murmurs.
Rintaro: Oh? This could be good. Give us the details.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka then invokes her power once more. Ultra-fast typing. The power known as Shining Finger.
Rintaro: Excellent, Shining Finger! You're a model lab mem!
UNSPOKEN: This should make it easy to tell whether the past has changed. Looks like the three useless members have no objections to Moeka's superior idea. We look at Moeka's phone. It's purple and gaudy. There's no strap, and it's not like the deco phones popular among mainstream women nowadays.
Itaru: Oh, that's the GG01 that just came out last month.
Mayuri: Gee Gee Zero One?
Itaru: The latest model. Pretty sure the screen is detachable, so you can swap out attachments for it. It's in short supply right now, so you need to be placed on a waitlist. Nice job getting one.
UNSPOKEN: It's the most popular model, but she wants her old one back? I guess hardcore phone users have other concerns besides fashion.
Rintaro: So, Finger.
Mayuri: Um, why do you call Moeka-san 'Finger'?
Rintaro: That's the name of her esper power. Kiryu Moeka, I dub thee Shining Finger! Use this name with pride.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka shakes her head expressionlessly.
Rintaro: What? You don't like it? But it's such a cool name. What's the problem!?
Mayuri: Moeka-san is Moeka-san. Her fingers don't shine or anything...
Itaru: Don't feed the trolls, Mayu-shi.
Rintaro: I'm not trolling, just naming her power.
Kurisu: Cut the chatter and get started.
UNSPOKEN: Gh, dammit. You're just an assistant. Don't boss us around!
Itaru: What if the manager says something?
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don't be afraid of Mister Braun! If he storms in yelling, I'll kick him to the curb!
Itaru: Seriously? Okarin, you're so cool! That's why we love you!
Kurisu: He's just talk.
UNSPOKEN: I'll be the adult and ignore Kurisu's insult. Moeka has already written her 36-byte mail. When I look at Moeka to see if she's ready, she nods faintly. We set the timer to 100 seconds. The D-Mail should arrive at Moeka's phone four days ago -- July 31st.
Rintaro: PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!
UNSPOKEN: About 15 seconds after activation, the discharge phenomenon occurs. I glance at Moeka. She nods grimly, an unusual show of emotion. And then, she presses the button. The world twists into unrecognizable shapes. The floor is shaking. Or is it me? My vision blurs and loses color.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The world lurches. I struggle to keep my balance. As I brace myself against further shaking, I try to analyze what I'm experiencing. This is far more intense than what happened when we sent the D-Mails yesterday. And yet, I've felt it before. I remember. This is what I felt right before the mass disappearance phenomenon. The shaking stops. I relax my body and look around. Has the past changed? Of course it has. That bizarre sensation just now was proof. I look around the room. The PhoneWave (name subject to change), which should have about 90 seconds left on the timer, is silent. Daru's here. Mayuri's here. Kurisu's here. ...Where's Moeka?
Rintaro: Where's Shining Finger? Where'd she go?
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Kurisu, who are discussing something in front of the X68000, look at me strangely. Ah... Again. This feeling of wrongness. It's the same as yesterday.
Kurisu: Shining what?
Itaru: Okarin. Japanese please.
UNSPOKEN: I leave the development room and check the lounge, behind the sofa, in the dressing room, the bathroom, and the shower room. I look out the window at the street below. But Moeka is nowhere to be found. She's... gone. No way. This is exactly what happened on the streets of Akiba. Why did she disappear!? Because I experimented on her!? Where did she go!? Did I erase her from history!? Did I banish her into the space between dimensions!? I start quivering in horror at the magnitude of my error. In a daze, I step up to Mayuri, who's eating a banana. I grab her shoulders and shake her.
Rintaro: Where's Kiryu Moeka? She was here just now, wasn't she!?
Mayuri: Uhwhaaa? Whoooo?
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka!
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Kurisu give me strange looks as well.
Itaru: Who's that?
Kurisu: Never heard of her.
Rintaro: ...No way.
UNSPOKEN: So I did erase Moeka's existence... No... that can't be. I won't accept that I killed her!
Kurisu: Did it happen again, Okabe?
Rintaro: What do you mean, 'again'?
Kurisu: Something like this happened yesterday. You remembered something we didn't. Uh, what did you call it? Oh yeah, Reading Steiner.
UNSPOKEN: Yes, that's the name I gave this phenomenon -- or rather, to my ability to perceive it. When the worldline changes, everyone's memories are reconstructed to match. That's what John Titor said. But somehow, I alone retain my memories even after the past changes. I named this power Reading Steiner. Kurisu remembered. To tell the truth, I just made it up out of thin air. But now that Moeka has disappeared, I want to believe that this power is real. It's only their memories of Moeka that disappeared! Not Moeka herself! I need to contact Moeka. I need to make sure I didn't erase her very existence. But I don't know her phone number. The only way to contact her is by mail. I send her a message saying Reply the second you read this email. Now all I can do is wait for her reply. Please, reply...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Y-yeah... I'm fine.
UNSPOKEN: In fact, I'm anything but fine. I'm fighting desperately to deny the possibility that I might have erased Moeka from existence.
Rintaro: ...Assistant, how much do you remember about the experiment we just did?
Kurisu: I don't remember doing any experiments today. You sent a D-Mail just now, didn't you?
Rintaro: ...Yeah. But things are different from yesterday. I didn't send the D-Mail. Kiryu Moeka did.
UNSPOKEN: And then she vanished into thin air. Which reminds me. When I sent the LOTO SIX mail yesterday, Daru teleported from the development room to the lounge. Moeka might not have disappeared. She probably just teleported somewhere. I hope that's it. In an attempt to calm myself down, I check my phone's history for the mails Moeka and I exchanged. That's strange. The mails she sent me are there, up until the one I received on July 31st at 12:43. But after that... The dozens of mails I remember receiving from her are gone. The D-Mail she sent to cancel the phone model exchange was set to arrive on July 31st. Did a time paradox erase Moeka from existence the instant she received the D-Mail? I shiver when I realize that I can't find any problems with that hypothesis. No way. It can't be. I mean, all her D-Mail said was don't change phone models. That's harmless, right? But then, what caused Moeka to disappear from this room like that? Why does it look like Moeka vanished four days ago?
Rintaro: Christina. Let's say a D-Mail caused a time paradox. What would happen?
Kurisu: ...I don't know. No one has experienced a time paradox, after all.
Rintaro: But before, didn't you say something like the world would disappear?
Kurisu: All I said was that that was one theory. Maybe nothing happens, and like in a certain movie, history gets amended to accommodate the paradox. According to Dr. Hawking's chronology protection conjecture, it's impossible to do anything that might cause a time paradox in the first place.
UNSPOKEN: So all we have are theories...
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii doesn't really understand... But we're all fine now, right? I don't think that paradox thing happened. Mayushii doesn't know who Moeka-san is, but I'm sure she's okay too♪
Itaru: That's Mayu-shi for you. A cute dumb girl.
Mayuri: Ehh? Mayushii's not dumb!
UNSPOKEN: I'm amazed that Mayuri and Daru can have such a carefree conversation despite all that's happened. They don't realize the gravity of the situation. We might have erased someone's very existence! In fact, if Moeka really has vanished, then that means the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is also responsible for the mass disappearance phenomenon I witnessed in Akihabara. What if I erased all those people? I don't want to consider such a frightening possibility, so I desperately shake the thought out of my head.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: A mail! Is it Moeka!? I check the mail with hope in my heart.
Rintaro: ...Ha, haha.
UNSPOKEN: My body goes limp from relief. A reply. She sent a reply. Moeka still exists. She didn't disappear. Relief washes away my fear. My eyes fill with tears. Not because I was worried for Moeka, but because I thought I might be responsible for the horror of erasing someone's existence.
Kurisu: Explain what happened, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Urged by Kurisu, I explain everything that just happened.
Kurisu: Hmmm. ...Honestly, I'm not surprised she disappeared from the lab.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: I don't know the details, but when the past changed, Kiryu-san's actions these past four days changed ever so slightly. As a result, the timeline was reconfigured so that Moeka-san didn't come to the lab today.
UNSPOKEN: So that's why it looked like she teleported? I'm reminded of the teleporting gelbana, but I guess it's not the same thing. Moeka didn't become a jellyman, after all.
Itaru: Is that even possible?
Kurisu: I don't know. If the fact that the D-Mail was sent is undone, then it becomes a paradox of who sent that D-Mail... And there's one other thing that I don't understand.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: What you call Reading Steiner. By the way, you should quit it with that name. It's stupid.
Rintaro: Hmph, I didn't ask for your opinion.
UNSPOKEN: I'm finally able to joke with Kurisu again. Well, maybe she wasn't joking. But that's none of her business.
Kurisu: By your explanation, you neither sent nor received the D-Mail. Yet how come you're the only one who remembers what happened before the worldline changed? What if it's all in your head?
Itaru: Like an imaginary girlfriend. I get it.
Rintaro: No you don't. I'm not a 'gentleman perv' like you, creating imaginary relationships.
Kurisu: Maybe this Kiryu-san never existed. Or maybe Kiryu-san does exist, but the fact that she sent a D-Mail was something you made--
Rintaro: Gwaaaah!
Kurisu: ...eh?
UNSPOKEN: I fall to my knees and press my hand against my left eye.
Rintaro: Ugh, ggh... my left eye, Reading Steiner, it aches!
Mayuri: Okarin, are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri peeks anxiously at my face. But I lightly push her aside.
Rintaro: No, Mayuri! S-stay away! I don't... want to hurt you!
Mayuri: But Okarin, you look like you're in pain...
Itaru: ...He's messing with us, right?
Kurisu: Y-yeah...
Rintaro: I-I'm okay... This aching is normal... it'll end soon! As long as I have this magic eye... the Organization will keep coming after me! It's the power to see across time and space... but at the same time, it's a double-edged sword! Because of this all-seeing eye... I have lost my connection to causality. I drift alone in the space between worlds. But even so... I swore to protect this lab! So quiet thy fury, Reading Steiner! Your time will come... but not yet.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Okarin? Does it hurt?
Rintaro: No... I'm okay now.
UNSPOKEN: I stand up. Then I shoot Kurisu a sharp glare.
Kurisu: W-what? That was just an act, right?
Rintaro: You are wrong, Christina. Our experiments have already proven... That I... That my Reading Steiner is genuine!
Kurisu: Fine, I get it. You're a chuunibyou patient.
Itaru: Eh?
Mayuri: Hm?
Kurisu: Ah... Wh-why are you all staring at me? Don't look at me!
UNSPOKEN: In any case, I've successfully deflected Kurisu's questions about Reading Steiner. I don't feel able to answer right now. My emotions are a jumble, just as they were after Titor called me the Messiah. An unknown power sleeps within me. The thought sends a chill down my spine. I sit on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop, staring into the night sky. I try sorting out what happened this afternoon. But it's impossible. The more I think about it, the more confused I get. And then I hear footsteps coming down from the second floor. Soon, Mayuri and Kurisu emerge.
Rintaro: Going home?
Mayuri: Yup.
Kurisu: Do you always stay the night here?
Rintaro: Pretty much. I wouldn't be a true mad scientist if I couldn't stay overnight at my lab, immersed in research.
Kurisu: I think you're putting too much emphasis on appearances.
Mayuri: But you know, this place is really convenient. Mayushii would stay over if mom and dad let me.
Kurisu: Y-you would?
Mayuri: And it's so close to work too♪ Hey, Chris-chan, why don't we all stay over some time?
Kurisu: Sure, if the guys aren't around.
Rintaro: That won't happen.
Kurisu: Then why don't you come to my hotel, Mayuri-san?
Mayuri: Oh yeah, we did make that promise, huh? Ehehe! Then let's do that next time♪
Kurisu: You can come whenever you like. See you tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu waves goodbye and starts walking in the opposite direction from Akihabara Station. Mayuri doesn't move from that spot. Instead, she starts doing her usual thing -- Stardust Handshake. She looks up to the night sky, raising her hand as if to grasp the stars. And with perfect timing, a shooting star crosses the sky.
Mayuri: ...Hey, Okarin.
Rintaro: Yeah. A shooting star. Did you make a wish?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri doesn't answer. She keeps gazing at the sky.
Mayuri: Remember how back in elementary school, you got a terrible fever and stayed in bed for a month?
Rintaro: Why are you bringing this up?
UNSPOKEN: It was about ten years ago, at the turn of the century, when the world was in an uproar over Y2K. Near the end of 1999, I had a fever of nearly 40-degrees-C that lasted about a month. I didn't recover until the new year. At least, that what I've been told. I don't remember it myself. According to my parents, I was unconscious the whole time, tossing and turning. The doctors said it was a miracle I didn't die. Because of that fever, I didn't get to experience the millennium countdown event. They never figured out what caused it either.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Heh, something like that could never kill me! Ten years ago, I was already a mad scientist with an IQ of 170, equaling that of Thomas Edison!
UNSPOKEN: Actually, I'm not sure what Edison's IQ was.
Mayuri: Really? That's amazing! But Mayushii was still really small, and didn't know that, so I prayed to the sky. And then, on New Year's Eve, right before midnight, a shooting star went pewww across the sky. Just like now. If you repeat your wish three times before a shooting star disappears, your wish will come true. Did you know that?
UNSPOKEN: Of course. That's the most common of common knowledge.
Mayuri: It was hard, but Mayushii repeated her wish three times.
UNSPOKEN: Then Mayuri finally lowers her hand and turns to me. On her face is a soft smile.
Mayuri: The next day, on New Years, your fever went down, and you woke up. So basically, Mayushii saved your life! Ehehe!
Rintaro: No. It was simply the choice of Steins Gate.
Mayuri: Ehh? Really?
Rintaro: Really.
Mayuri: Oh...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks a little disappointed.
Mayuri: Hey. Remember what you said when your fever went down? You said everything went blurry and twisty like, and the ground shook so bad you couldn't stand. Remember?' You were acting kind of like that just now. Are you okay? You're not coming down with a fever, are you?
UNSPOKEN: The concern on her face is so sincere. Looks like she's worried about my reaction to Moeka's disappearance. Geez. My hostage is worrying about me. I find myself giving her a wry smile.
Rintaro: I'm fine. Don't worry about a thing.
UNSPOKEN: As I brush her worry off with a shrug, I think back to what happened ten years ago. When I woke up from that fever, the first thing I saw was Mayuri's crying face. She's right. I vaguely remember describing my collapse that way. And come to think of it, it does seem to match with the sensation I felt a few hours ago when Reading Steiner activated.
Rintaro: I see! So this power was already mine back then! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: So that's the choice of Steins Gate! I really was born with this power! No wonder John Titor thinks I'm the Messiah! My maniacal laughter echoes into the night. The next day, the lab gets an unusual guest.
Luka: Pardon the intrusion...
Itaru: Oh, if it isn't Luka-shi.
Luka: Hello, Hashida-san, Okabe-san.
Rintaro: Lukako! You don't have Demon Sword Samidare with you! What is the meaning of this!?
Luka: Eh, eh, eh?
Rintaro: I even unsealed the treasured heirloom sword Mistilteinn when I heard you were coming today. I'm disappointed in you.
UNSPOKEN: Actually, I didn't know he was coming.
Luka: I'm sorry! Um, I'll go back and get it.
Rintaro: No, that's okay. It was not Mistilteinn's fate to encounter Samidare this day.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: But a Japanese sword and a cursed sword from Norse mythology are so mismatched it's not even funny. Do we even have a sword here?
Luka: What should I...
Rintaro: Lukako, though you are my disciple, you still lack dedication.
Luka: I-I'm sorry!
Rintaro: At this rate, it will take some time before you can be useful. By the way, why not join our lab?
Luka: Eh, me?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako looks at me blankly.
Luka: But I'm clumsy, and I'm not good at science or engineering... I'll probably just get in your way... Do you really want me?
Rintaro: Don't sweat it. Mayuri's the same.
Mayuri: We'd love to have you, Luka-kun! But you know, if Luka-kun's gonna be a lab mem, then Mayushii has one condition for Okarin. Don't tease Luka-kun.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri forces her way between us as if to protect Lukako. She's the one who called Lukako here. They're classmates.
Mayuri: And today, Luka-kun is Mayushii's guest. He came for a fitting session, so don't get in our way.
Luka: But Mayuri-chan, I don't really want to cosplay... Um, can it really just be a fitting session?
Mayuri: Yup. We're just making sure the size matches!
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Mayuri forced him to come. As far as she's concerned, pretty boys exist only to make her cosplay fantasies come true.
Mayuri: Tadah♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri shows off the costume she made.
Mayuri: This is a costume of Kirari-chan from RaiNet!
UNSPOKEN: Is it just my imagination, or is that outfit pretty skimpy? I don't know if it's his first time seeing it, but Lukako just stares at the costume dumbfounded.
Mayuri: Anyway, I'd say it's about 70% complete, but I want Luka-kun to try it on now♪
Luka: Try it on? Here?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako glances at me and Daru, then looks down to hide a blush.
Luka: I can't...
Mayuri: Please?
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... here's where I, as Lukako's master, ought to help out.
Rintaro: Listen, my pupil. To change your clothes is to change your very being. This costume might help you grow stronger. Put it on at once!
Luka: You're on her side? I just... can't wear something so embarrassing!
Rintaro: It's only embarrassing because you think it is.
Mayuri: That's right! I'm sure you'll be really cute♪
Rintaro: Besides, Mayuri worked very hard to make this costume so you could wear it. She sacrificed her sleeping time, her favorite banana nourishment time, and her Juicy Chicken Number One time just so she could sew and sew and sew. You can't let effort like that go to waste.
Luka: That's true, but...
UNSPOKEN: The good-natured Lukako is already bending to the power of my words.
Mayuri: Come on, Luka-kun! Transform! Tra-ns-form♪
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri grabs Lukako's arm and drags him to the changing room.
Mayuri: Okay! Don't be shy! Now take off your clothes.
Luka: Wahh! Mayuri-chan, please don't touch me there! I'll change by myself! Please wait outside!
Mayuri: But it's a little tricky putting this on. Mayushii will teach you all the steps♪
Luka: Hyeeehhh, please don't undress me!
Itaru: It's so... yuri.
Rintaro: That's not yuri. Lukako's a guy.
Itaru: Then it's reverse rape!? Whoa, that's downright criminal!
UNSPOKEN: His imagination knows no bounds. A few minutes pass and out comes Mayuri first. She looks satisfied.
Mayuri: Come on, Luka-kun! Don't be shy.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako doesn't make an appearance, even when Mayuri calls him.
Mayuri: Luka-kun?
UNSPOKEN: Finally, a nervous Lukako comes out of the dressing room. Lukako looks like he's about to cry. I can already see the tears forming. I-isn't that skirt a little too short? Those bare legs are truly captivati... wait, oh god, oh god! I'm looking at a guy's legs! What the hell am I saying!? Why are his legs shaved!? What's going on here, Lukako!?
Mayuri: Waaahh! Luka-kun finally wore one of my outfits!
Luka: I-it's so embarrassing... I'm a guy... I shouldn't be dressing like this...
Mayuri: You know what they say. Cuteness is Justice♪
Luka: I don't know what you mean!
Itaru: Excellent work as usual. The clothes and the model bring out the best in each other. As far as 3D goes, Faris-tan is supreme, but Luka-shi almost makes me wanna become a low angler.
Mayuri: What about you, Okarin?
Rintaro: Ah, yeah, well...
UNSPOKEN: When urged to talk, I nod vaguely. I'm fascinated... but it's mortifying to admit that. Lukako is Lukako, yet Lukako is a man. Male. A man just shouldn't be fascinated by another man. I whip out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me! My sanity is under attack! No, it's not the Organization. It's a descendent... of one of the town's... guardian miko! Guh! It's... infecting my soul! To think... Akiba had... such a powerful guardian! If we can harness this power... we can counteract the Organization's corrupting influence. ...I know. We can't hand the town over to those bastards just yet. This, too, is the choice of Steins Gate... El Psy Kongroo!
UNSPOKEN: I catch my breath, put away my phone, and turn back and smile at Lukako and the others who are staring blankly at me.
Rintaro: Whew... Lukako. Foolish disciple of mine. From now on, you shall go into battle equipped with that costume and Samidare.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Ehh? Kirari-chan doesn't have a sword! He should carry an Upa instead♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, in high spirits, makes Lukako hold the Upa cushion. His lips tremble as he reluctantly accepts the cushion. He clearly doesn't know what to do with it.
Rintaro: The Organization is making a move on Akiba.
UNSPOKEN: I pretend not to notice Lukako's distress.
Rintaro: You are the guardian who protects this chaotic metropolis. Miko of Yanabayashi Shrine, now is the time for you to fulfill that duty! Understand, Lukako? This is the reason I'm so hard on you. You have a duty to protect this town!
Luka: Do I... really?
Rintaro: You certainly do! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Can you stop that vulgar laughter? I can hear you from outside. It's embarrassing.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu enters the lab with those remarks. She's coming in late, like she's a company executive or something.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, tutturu♪
Rintaro: Mmgh!? You come here this late and dare insult me? And you call yourself my assistant!?
Kurisu: I'm not your assistant. Don't make me repeat myself. Anyway! You're the worst, toying with such a weak and innocent girl. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Itaru: Toying with a weak and innocent girl, you say?
Kurisu: Don't react to every little thing, you perv.
UNSPOKEN: That's right. Christina doesn't know Lukako's a guy. Correcting it is a pain, so I don't say anything.
Kurisu: At any rate...
Rintaro: Christina. Stop eying Lukako's entire body from top to bottom like that.
Kurisu: I-I wasn't doing that!
Mayuri: Do you like the costume, Chris-chan? It really suits Luka-kun, dontcha think?
Kurisu: Is this that cosplay thing I've heard about? It's part of Japanimation culture, right? You're very cute.
Luka: C-c-cute? No way...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's eyes get wetter and wetter.
Kurisu: Why are you crying? You look perfect, so you should be more confident.
Luka: Uuugh...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn't know, so she's not doing it intentionally, but I guess that makes things complicated for Lukako. I should change the topic for Lukako's sake. While I am a mad scientist, I also happen to be a perfect gentleman!
Rintaro: Heh heh heh...
UNSPOKEN: I comb back my hair with my fingers.
Rintaro: Lukako! Tell us your wish.
Luka: Eh...?
Kurisu: That's one hell of an acrobatic topic change.
Rintaro: Listen, Lukako! Your desires can become reality. Japan is a land of great spiritual power. It resides in every word that slips from your tongue! Now that you too have joined the otaku world, you need conceal your deepest desires no longer! Speak your wish with a true heart, and by the chaos that rules Akihabara, Steins Gate shall grant it!
Luka: My... wish?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako puts his hands together in front of his waist and bends his head slightly to the side. His cheeks turn light pink. His bashful, squirming appearance with wet, upturned eyes would make anyone who saw him either want to hug him real tight, or smack him upside the head. It's that damn powerful.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Just proclaim it to the world!
Kurisu: Well yeah, no wish is embarrassing compared to the idiotic wish for chaos to envelop the world or whatever.
Rintaro: You, assistant! What kind of person laughs at people's wishes!?
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii's wish is to eat a ton of of yummy food, and to cover the lab with Upa goods, and to get Luka-kun to wear my costumes--
Rintaro: I'm not asking you.
Mayuri: But Mayushii wants 'Shota in the Gate' to grant her wish too!
Itaru: 'Shota in the Gate'!? That mistake is god tier. Probably because it's so... naughty.
UNSPOKEN: We all ignore Daru. Lukako puts his hands to his mouth and casts his eyes down. The same gesture as a (female) junior confessing her love to a (male) senior underneath a cherry tree. Cuteness overload! Must resist!
Luka: I want... to be a girl.
Kurisu: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is the first to react. Her expression is one of utter confusion. Well, that's only natural. Not even I expected that, so I accidentally swallowed my muhahaha.
Luka: I don't really... like how I look... I always thought... that if I were a girl... I could be a little more confident...
UNSPOKEN: So he has no confidence in himself. He's prettier than any girl here. And yet, he has no confidence. I'm well aware of the reason for this. It's because he's a guy!
Kurisu: Wait. Wait a second.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts rubbing her temples.
Kurisu: Umm, what did she say?
Rintaro: Heh, heh, heh. Assistant mine -- no, Christina!
Kurisu: I'm not your assistant, and I'm not Christina!
Rintaro: You've made a grave error!
Kurisu: I have?
Rintaro: Don't you understand? No, of course you don't. How could you, with impure thoughts clouding your eyes!
Kurisu: Wh-what do you mean?
Rintaro: Allow me to explain. You called Lukako here a 'weak and innocent girl.' But he's not a girl at all. He's a guy!
Kurisu: Is that some kind of joke?
Rintaro: It's not a joke, but the naked truth as described in the Akashic Records! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at Daru and Mayuri as if seeking help, but they nod with a knowing look in their eyes. As for Lukako himself, he's just hanging his head in shame.
Kurisu: ...Are you guys trolling me?
Rintaro: Eh?
Itaru: Eh?
Kurisu: ...Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly turns away as if to avoid my gaze. Then she walks up to Lukako.
Kurisu: Is what Okabe says true?
Luka: Y-yes... I'm... a guy...
Kurisu: N-no way! Someone this cute can't be a boy!
Itaru: You've got it backwards. You're supposed to say 'Someone this cute can't be a girl.'
Kurisu: That's not what I meant.
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean Kurisu knows the meaning of the phrase Someone this cute can't be a girl? So she is an @channeler...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Why do you keep repeating that last part?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, unable to calm down after learning the truth, starts touching her own face and checking her hair in her pocket mirror.
Rintaro: Why, Christina. Is it such a shock to meet a man far more feminine than you?
Kurisu: I admit it. Compared to her... I mean, to him, I'm not as cute, I talk more rudely, and my attitude is worse... This is a three-day-coma level shock.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she's seriously depressed.
Mayuri: Chris-chan's cute too♪
Kurisu: Don't try to comfort me. It just makes me feel worse.
Rintaro: Admitting your faults is the first step towards becoming stronger. You may one day become a splendid woman, Christina. You're still young.
Kurisu: Who the hell asked you?
Rintaro: I take it back! You're a stubborn fool who refuses to face the truth!
Kurisu: Shut up. I don't want to hear that from you.
Luka: Um... sorry. I shouldn't have said anything.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako bows his head for some reason. His eyes are red and puffy. With such a cute girl -- err, boy -- on the verge of tears, Kurisu and I have no choice but to stop arguing.
Itaru: Welp, better get my trusty digicam...
Kurisu: Don't try to sneak in a photo session, you perv!
Itaru: Anzai-sensei, I want to be a low angler...
UNSPOKEN: But still, it was just a whim to ask for Lukako's wish. I hardly expected this to happen. So that's how Lukako thinks of himself...
Rintaro: Lukako, how serious are you about that wish of yours?
UNSPOKEN: If he's truly desperate, then having a sex-change operation is probably the best way to go. Judging by his current looks, Lukako could become the star of Tokyo's LGBT community. No, screw that, he could even become a TV personality.
Luka: You know those stories where a guy magically turns into a girl overnight? Sometimes I wish that would happen to me. Ahaha... that's stupid, isn't it?
UNSPOKEN: Stop it with those puppy dog eyes! Are you that chihuahua from a certain popular commercial!?
Mayuri: Luka-kun, you're so cute♪
Kurisu: S-So cute...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu's been struck by Lukako's cuteness too. The skimpy costume he's wearing isn't helping! It's like dunking your brain in a vat of pure moe. Then you die. The scary part is that afterwards, you feel an irresistible urge to grant Lukako's every wish. But as Lukako said, it's going to be hard to find a nice, clean solution to his problem. And then, Kurisu clears her throat.
Kurisu: This reminds me of something I heard once.
Itaru: Exposition scene, go!
Kurisu: There's a saying that if you eat a lot of meat when you're pregnant, you'll have a boy, and if you eat a lot of vegetables, you'll have a girl.
Itaru: Source? Minmei Shobou?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: S-so that's how you reply... well played.
Kurisu: Wh-what are you talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, it sounds like an old wives' tale.
Mayuri: Really? I didn't know that. So Mayushii and Chris-chan's moms ate a lot of vegetables?
UNSPOKEN: Only Mayuri's impressed.
Mayuri: Mayushii only eats Juicy Chicken Number One, so will her future child be a boy? Hey, do you think bananas count as vegetables?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is full of questions. I'll leave her to them.
Rintaro: But what about primitive people who lived on hunting? If that theory is true, then they would have had too many boys and not enough girls. Humanity would never have made it this far.
Kurisu: I never said it was true. I just remembered hearing it somewhere. Don't snap at every little thing.
Rintaro: I didn't snap. Christina, feel like verifying that theory?
Kurisu: ...What are you implying?
Rintaro: Have you forgotten? We have the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!
Mayuri: PhoneWave-chan? It can tell if you'll have a boy or a girl?
UNSPOKEN: No way in hell.
Kurisu: Wait... of course.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu's got it. They don't call her a genius for nothing.
Kurisu: We can send a D-Mail to Urushibara-san's mother when she was pregnant.
Rintaro: Indeed. Something like 'Eat more vegetables!'
UNSPOKEN: Lukako, who doesn't know what D-Mails are, and Mayuri, who's just a little dumb, tilt their heads in confusion at the same time.
Rintaro: You think it's worth a shot?
Kurisu: Well...
Rintaro: It's too late to hide behind your goody-two-shoes mask, Christina. Your fate is to become a mad scientist, for you are an experiment-loving girl!
Kurisu: Who are you calling an experiment-loving girl!?
Rintaro: Am I wrong?
Kurisu: N-no, but...
UNSPOKEN: That settles it!
Itaru: Hold on, man! What are you going to do if the experiment works?
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Itaru: I mean, if Luka-shi's sex seriously changes.
Rintaro: That's what he wants, isn't it?
Itaru: Well, yeah, but... If his sex does change, won't the 16 years of his life change too? That's what I mean. Who's gonna take responsibility for that?
Rintaro: That's...
Luka: Um... I'll take responsibility...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako raises his hand timidly.
Itaru: Seriously?
Luka: Well, I don't really understand... but if we use this method, I might become a girl, right? Then... I want to try. Please, Master.
UNSPOKEN: He bows his head to me.
Rintaro: Mayuri, your opinion?
Mayuri: Hmm... If Luka-kun becomes a girl, then I've gotta call her Luka-chan! Will Luka-chan wear Mayushii's costumes?
Luka: Um, well, that's another story...
UNSPOKEN: At any rate, it doesn't look like Mayuri has any objections.
Rintaro: Then that settles it. Lukako, I appoint you Lab Mem 006.
Luka: Eh...?
Rintaro: The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is our lab's most important secret. In order to use it, you must become a lab mem.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Really? You should've just said so!
Luka: I didn't have the courage... Like I said, I don't know a thing about gadgets...
Mayuri: You don't have to worry about those things. I mean, Mayuri doesn't get them either.
UNSPOKEN: That's not something to be proud of, Mayuri.
Rintaro: So Lukako shall be a lab mem from this point forth. Any objections?
Kurisu: Here.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu raises her hand.
Kurisu: I want to give Urushibara-san my number so I can retire.
Rintaro: Denied. Anyone else?
Kurisu: ...*sigh*
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru ask What happened to 005? but I ignore them. Moeka will always be 005 in my heart. No other objections emerge. All members are in favor.
Rintaro: Very well. Lukako is officially Lab Mem Number 006. Henceforth, pledge your allegiance to the lab, and devote all your strength to the enrichment of our science.
Luka: Y-yes! I will! I'm so happy.
Rintaro: Now then, let's begin the experiment immedia--
UNSPOKEN: ...Wait. I suddenly realize something that makes me smack by forehead in dismay.
Rintaro: Damn! Lukako, you're 16, right?
Luka: Um... right.
Rintaro: So you were born in 1993...
Mayuri: Yup! The same year as Mayushii. What about it?
UNSPOKEN: In order to tell Lukako's mother to eat a lot of vegetables, we need to send a D-Mail to ten months before Lukako was born, meaning we have to send it to 1992.
Rintaro: When did cellphones become widespread in Japan!?
Kurisu: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu and Daru figured it out. Daru goes to google it.
Itaru: Around 1996. There wasn't mail until later, though.
Rintaro: So the year Lukako was born, most people still didn't have cellphones. Lukako's mother may not have had one. In that case, she might not be able to receive the D-Mail!
Mayuri: Oh! I get it!
Luka: Eh...? We can't do it?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's face darkens. I fold my arms in thought. Some way to receive the email... in an era when cellphones weren't yet widespread...
Itaru: What about modifying it to send crazy waves or something?
Kurisu: What the hell are crazy waves?
Itaru: Waves that only crazy girls can pick up. You know, girls who always talk about stuff no one understands. It's pretty moe.
Kurisu: I'll microwave your brain if you don't shut up.
Itaru: Yes! Abuse me more, please!
Mayuri: Um, couldn't you put a letter in a time capsule and bury it?
Kurisu: That would go to the future, not the past.
Mayuri: Oh...
Itaru: I know! How about that thing where you get struck by lightning and that turns you into a girl! Like in old comics and anime.
Kurisu: There's no point to the experiment if we don't use D-Mail. Don't lose sight of the objective.
Mayuri: We're counting on you for a nice idea, Chris-chan♪
Kurisu: M-me? I... We could... build a rocket which exceeds the speed of light squared, then that immense speed would reverse the flow of time, or something...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Furthermore, genius girl, you just contradicted relativity.
Kurisu: It was just a joke. Don't take it seriously.
Rintaro: Useless, all of you! This lab is a disgrace!
Kurisu: Fine then. Let's hear from Hououin Kyouma, the insane mad scientist with an IQ over 170 whose brain cells are coveted the world over. What's your genius plan?
Rintaro: Hmm... Inspiration flashes in the corners of my brain.
Itaru: That Edison thing again?
UNSPOKEN: This sensation... yes! My natural mad scientist inspiration is about to explode!
Rintaro: I have it.
UNSPOKEN: All eyes focus on me. With a broad grin, I proclaim--
Rintaro: If we can't send it to a cellphone, then we'll send it... to a pager!
UNSPOKEN: About 22 hours have passed since I made my mind-blowingly awesome proclamation.
Luka: H-hello...
UNSPOKEN: Luka enters the lab shyly, just as he did yesterday. He gives me a bashful smile when our eyes meet.
Luka: Mom had a pager.
Mayuri: Yay! That's great, Luka-kun!
Kurisu: Now we can proceed with the experiment.
Itaru: Luka-shi's girl version... will definitely be moe.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, Kurisu, and Daru are already on standby. Sending a D-Mail to a pager. Yesterday, we argued about whether it's even possible. Eventually, we settled on 'probably.' Data is data, after all. The rest depends on the pager radio wave stations 8 years ago, but it should be fine as long as our data gets through safely. We already googled how to send data to a pager. For the pagers back then, you would first enter the other person's pager number, then, if in the Kanto region, enter *2*2. After that, you would enter the numbers to send. That's how it worked, apparently. Pagers in 1992 could still only send numbers. Phone number display functions were also yet to be implemented, so your number was hidden from the other person by default. A few years after that, pagers started to implement Japanese character displays, enabling functionality similar to that of email. Therefore, the D-Mail Lukako's about to send -- it's technically not a mail, though -- has to be sent in numerical form. Naturally, I have a conversion table for that on hand. You can find information even from 18 years ago if you just google it. I was pretty worried by the lack of information on pagers at first, but that's my little secret.
Kurisu: Urushibara-san, you need to think about what to send to your mother in the past.
Luka: Eh...? I do?
Rintaro: If you want to grant your wish, then you must open the door with your own hands. We can only show you the way.
Luka: I understand...
UNSPOKEN: We explain to Lukako the function of the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The numbers we're sending are one-byte characters, so we can send 36 of them. The pager's number-to-letter conversion system uses two numbers to correspond to one Japanese character. Furthermore, since you first need to input *2*2, that means you can only send 16 hiragana characters. Lukako, understanding everything, takes out a notebook to begin writing drafts for the pager message. I show Lukako the site I found. It reads PAGER NUMBER AND LETTER CONVERSION.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Pager typing is commonly known as two-touch typing or pager input. It's somewhat different from cellphone input. You choose the consonant and then input the vowel. The consonants are A K S T N H M Y R W. The vowels are a, i, u, e, o. Basically, to input Ke... You press 2 to input the consonant K... Then you press 4 for the vowel e.
Itaru: This is a pain. Let's just send '831831831'. That should do it.
Mayuri: Why 831?
Itaru: 8(ya) 3(sa) 1(i) for veggies (yasai), duh. VEGGIES VEGGIES VEGGIES -- we just have to drill this into Luka-shi's mother's brain.
Rintaro: She'll just pass that message off as a prank.
Mayuri: Then, how about '29292929'?
Rintaro: I'm going to regret asking this, but what does that mean?
Mayuri: Ni(2) ku(9) for meat. MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT.
Rintaro: Why do you want her to like meat!?
Mayuri: That's not it! If you keep repeating 'MEAT', then she'll actually start to hate meat and want to eat vegetables instead, don't you think?
Itaru: Yeah... no.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako completes his composition while we speak our nonsense.
Luka: How about something like this? 'MOM EAT VEGGIES OK'
Itaru: Isn't that a little too vague?
Rintaro: And the first 'MOM' should go. That'll just make it harder to believe.
Luka: Then... 'EAT LOTS OF VEGGIES TO GIVE BIRTH TO A GIRL'.
Kurisu: That's a little too direct. And it's over the character limit.
Luka: 'EAT VEGGIES FOR HEALTHY KID'
Itaru: Wait a sec. According to this conversion chart, it looks like you gotta use two more numbers for voiced consonants. So that sentence is four bytes over.
Rintaro: Then a little modification. How about 'EAT VEG 4 HEALTHY KID'?
Kurisu: Isn't that a little too informal? You're talking to Urushibara-san's mother, you know? Would she understand the 'VEG 4' part?
Rintaro: You have any bright ideas?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and says no more. Then it's settled.
Mayuri: Come on, let's type it out!
UNSPOKEN: When sending to a pager, the number-encoded message is handled like a telephone number, so we enter the input into the X68000. The long, random-looking string of numbers is complete.
Rintaro: Alright, we're good to go.
UNSPOKEN: Now we just activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and have Lukako call. The microwave timer is set to 154152 seconds. It should arrive around January 1, 1993. The margin of error is around 1-3 days, I guess. Leap year calculation's a pain, so I ignored it. Lukako's slender finger starts to tremble on top of the enter button.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Lukako looks at me with tears in his eyes, then nods faintly. The discharge phenomenon soon occurs. Lukako flinches and takes a step back, but then I see determination flare in his eyes. He sets his jaw... and pushes the enter button. A wave of dizziness hits me again. I place a hand on the table to support myself. The dizziness slowly fades. Little by little, color returns to the world.
Rintaro: Nn...
UNSPOKEN: Reading Steiner activated again. Did the worldline change? I look around the room. Unlike what happened with Moeka, Lukako's still here. He blushes when he notices my stare.
Luka: Um, Okabe-san, could you... please not look at me like that?
UNSPOKEN: I fold my arms and tilt my head. Lukako's appearance hasn't changed a bit. I'm paying particular attention to his chest. And his chest. And his chest. As a guy, it's natural for him to have no breasts. But if he's a girl now, then that's a different story. That washboard isn't tiny-breast level. It's no-breast level.
Rintaro: It... didn't work?
UNSPOKEN: So the eat lots of vegetables to give birth to a girl thing Kurisu talked about was nothing but fringe science. What kind of scientist believes such a flimsy theory anyway?
Mayuri: What didn't work?
UNSPOKEN: Everyone, including Lukako, looks at me in confusion.
Rintaro: Don't you remember? Just now, we used the PhoneWave (name subject to change) to--
UNSPOKEN: I slap a hand over my mouth as soon as I start talking. That was careless of me. As our previous experiments proved, the activation of Reading Steiner means that the worldline has changed. And I'm the only one who carries his memories through the change. Nobody else here knows what we did.
Rintaro: Sorry. It's nothing.
UNSPOKEN: Afterwards, Mayuri and Lukako happily go out shopping for lunch at a neighborhood convenience store.
Rintaro: Christina. I want to ask you something. Is Lukako...
Kurisu: What pervy act are you thinking about this time? Can't be too careful around the perv duo.
Itaru: We're not a perv duo. We are a pervy gentlemen duo!
Kurisu: Whatever. Seriously, whatever.
Rintaro: Muh...
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I can't ask now. It's really annoying that no one remembers. I don't want to think about how Kurisu might react if I suddenly ask Is Lukako a girl? I should wait until I can get Lukako alone, and check then. But considering how his appearance hasn't changed at all, it's very likely that the sex change failed. In that case, what did Lukako's D-Mail change? It's just like the Moeka experiment. The result is different from what we expected. The real problem... is that we have no control. After I leave the lab, I head to MayQueen+Nyan² to think. Daru sits in front of me, waiting impatiently for Faris to bring our order.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: It's cool, but it's kinda lame at the same time.
Rintaro: What's lame about it?
Itaru: I couldn't use it to win my RaiNet match against Faris-tan.
UNSPOKEN: Now that's a selfish reason...
Rintaro: As our experiments have shown, D-Mail still hasn't reached a reliable level of precision. A true time machine must remove luck from the equation. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is useless unless we can somehow give the sender more control.
UNSPOKEN: For starters, there's the problem of how I'm the only one who can recognize the changes. Without my special power, we wouldn't even be able to check the results of the experiment. Ridiculous.
Itaru: Yeah, we aren't getting results. What about the LOTO SIX?
Rintaro: Pending.
UNSPOKEN: Although it was Lukako's mistake that cost us the prize, he wouldn't have been in a position to make that mistake if I hadn't asked him to buy the ticket in my stead. Why did I do that? It's as if Steins Gate guided the money away from my grasp. No. I need to think positive.
Rintaro: Hououin Kyouma will not let this keep him down. I won't give up. For I am a mad scientist!
Itaru: I don't understand what you're saying, but you sure seem confident about it.
Rintaro: Someday we will improve the PhoneWave (name subject to change) so that it may be used to send things not only to the past, but also to the future. We'll improve it. No, we must improve it! For that is the choice of Steins Gate! Muhahahaha!
Faris: A time machine!?
Rintaro: !!?
UNSPOKEN: Faris is standing right next to me. Where the hell did she come from?
Rintaro: Damn you, Faris! Eavesdropping is cowardly!
Faris: What do you mean? Your voice is so loud, it echoes through the whole store nya.
UNSPOKEN: Wha... no! Once again, I leaked classified information concerning the future of mankind!
Faris: Here's your iced coffee, and your iced tea and 'cat food'. Thanks for waiting, nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: Daru's order of cat food is one of this maid cafe's specialties. It's not the usual miso over rice, but a stylish risotto instead. It's one of Daru's favorites. It's actually pretty tasty. Faris places the ice coffee in front of me.
Faris: Do you want milk and syrup nyan?
Rintaro: NEVER.
Faris: If Kyouma's gonna be like that, I'll pour it all in nya! You need sugar for a healthy brain, nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: Despite my refusal, Faris pours all of the milk and syrup into my glass.
Faris: Nyan nyan, nyan nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: Then, speaking some nonsense incantation, she mixes my iced coffee with the straw. And the whole time, she stares straight into my eyes.
Itaru: There it is! Faris-tan's secret technique, 'Eye Contact Mix-Mix'!
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts explaining in excitement.
Itaru: Most maids can't do it without spilling a little, yet Faris-tan makes it look easy! That's why I love her! It's because of this secret technique that Faris-tan reigns supreme as MayQueen's number one maid!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Thank you, Faris-tan! I'll be sure to savor it.
UNSPOKEN: He bows deeply. Such a polite man. I take a sip of my iced coffee. Its bitterness and sweetness flow down my throat. When I look up, I see Faris standing next to me, her silver tray in front of her waist.
Rintaro: Do you need something?
Faris: I wanna hear the rest, nya♪ Kyouma and Daru-nyan were having a fun little chit-cat, nya? Something about a time machine. Faris really wants to hear, nyan!
UNSPOKEN: She gives me a babyish look with upturned eyes. But I firmly reject her.
Rintaro: It's top secret. Not for outsiders!
Faris: And whose big mouth let the whole store hear, nya? Tell Faris, Daru-nyan...
UNSPOKEN: She's targeting Daru now. Don't underestimate him, Faris NyanNyan. Daru is my most trustworthy right hand man, the wizard-class super hacka. He won't be tricked into divulging classified information!
Itaru: We've built an amazing machine that can send emails to the past. I did most of the work, of course.
UNSPOKEN: And he's broken! Women are scary...
Faris: Is that a time machine, nya!?
Itaru: I guess you could say that!
Faris: Wow! You're awesome, nya! Your big brain makes my heart race, nyan.
Itaru: You mean it? N-now I'm embarrassed, hehehe.
UNSPOKEN: Dumbass. What's with that grin?
Faris: Faris dreams of going on a journey through time nya.
Itaru: I'll bring you along some day.
Rintaro: Daru, don't make promises you can't keep.
Faris: By the way, it's been bugging me, but what is time anyway, nya?
Rintaro: What?
Faris: Time is often compared to a river, nya, flowing from past to future. But is that really how it is, nya? If time is a river, then where is the present, nya? Is it a point? Is it a line? Where does the present begin and end, nya?
Itaru: Now that you mention it, I only have a vague concept of time. Never gave it any serious thought.
Rintaro: The present is a leaf floating on the river. It moves along with the flow from past to future.
Faris: So are we riding on that leaf, nya? When you die, do you fall off, nyan?
Rintaro: You could say that. All points upstream from the leaf are the past. Downstream, the future.
Faris: Hmnya... But is that leaf only the present for humans, nya?
Rintaro: Meaning...?
Faris: Humans make units to define and observe time, which is how we know this leaf is the present. But if every living thing in the universe went extinct, nothing would exist to observe the present, nya. In that case, where would the present go, nya?
Itaru: Wouldn't something like God or the will of the universe observe it?
Faris: But what if God is a four-dimensional being who can freely move through time, nya?
Rintaro: U-uh...?
Faris: If God is the one who decides the present, then won't our present move with him, nya?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: So what you're saying is that the present is subjective to the observer.
Faris: If we go with that assumption, then the past and the future also depend on the observer, nyan. If Faris were to use a time machine to travel back one week, then Kyouma and Daru-nyan's present would become Faris's future, nya.
Itaru: I guess that makes sense...
Faris: So how does the leaf model reflect that difference, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Neither Daru nor I has an answer to that. Perhaps nobody has an answer. Just like the 'collapse of causality' thing that Kurisu mentioned. Does that mean that time machines and time travel are impossible after all? But SERN's gelified test subjects physically traveled as far back as 1921...
Faris: Anyway, if everything depends on the observer, then clocks are meaningless, nyan. Fun times fly, and hard times drag, nya. In other words, the flow of time changes depending on your point of view, nyan.
Itaru: Speaking of which, as you grow older, it feels like time starts to flow faster, doesn't it?
Rintaro: Janet's law...
Faris: Faris thinks about this stuff sometimes, nya. I think time might not be something as simple as a river, nyan.
Itaru: Yeah, the more you think about it, the more complicated it gets.
UNSPOKEN: The strict definition of time, similar to the question of Where is the self?, is one of humanity's eternal questions. Countless renowned scholars have left this question unanswered. There's no way amateurs like us can answer it. But there's one thing I can do.
Rintaro: Heh. Heh heh heh. Muhahaha!
Faris: Nyanya?
Rintaro: Fret not. Though physics and philosophy may deny us, our machine has made time travel possible! Am I correct, Daru!?
Itaru: Yeah. Yeah! That's right!
Faris: Nyaa... looks like you guys have kicked reason to the curb, nya. But Faris wants to use the time machine too, nya. Can I, please?
Itaru: Sure! I'll let you use it as much as you want, Faris-tan.
Faris: Really nya? Then it's a promise, nya!
Rintaro: Daru, don't decide things on your own!
UNSPOKEN: Faris springs up with joy and hugs Daru's rotund body. That's all it takes to make Daru look like he's died and gone to heaven. After killing some more time at MayQueen, I leave Daru and head back to the lab. When I arrive, I find Kurisu sitting on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop, talking on her phone. 
Kurisu: What? You called me all the way to Japan, and now you-- ...I knew it. You never wanted to see me, did you? ...sniff.
UNSPOKEN: The street is dark and her hair is covering her eyes, so I can't make out her expression. But from the sound of her voice, I can tell that she's crying.
Kurisu: Why did you ask me to come here, then? Can you at least tell me tha--
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts her head in surprise. She must have noticed me. She falls into an awkward silence, then turns and walks away. It looked like she was crying. I wonder if she got into a fight. Who could have made her cry like that? Even a friendless, experiment-loving girl like her can get a boyfriend... No! There's no way such an arrogant, abusive girl can have a boyfriend! But, then who was it? A sibling? Or maybe her father who she hasn't seen in seven years? I'm afraid to ask. Kurisu's scary when she snaps. The memory of her baleful glare sends a shiver up my spine. I hurry to the second floor. When I'm safe in the lab, I start browsing @channel. It doesn't look like Titor has made an appearance today. The Titor craze that has dominated the occult board for the past week is starting to die down. In the end, it looks like I'm the only one who took Titor seriously. Just about everyone is skeptical of him now, especially the poster called KuriGohan and Kamehameha. Honestly, I can't tell Titor's true intentions either. Suddenly, I hear the door swing open. Startled, I turn to face the sound. Kurisu is standing there glaring at me. Her eyes are red. So she was crying. Why did she come back?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Y-yeah?
Kurisu: I wasn't crying or anything, okay!?
Rintaro: No, you were definitely crying.
Kurisu: Don't be ridiculous! Where's your proof!?
Rintaro: Your eyes are red.
Kurisu: Ugh...
UNSPOKEN: Her glare weakens for a second, but then returns at double the intensity.
Kurisu: I wasn't crying, okay!?
Rintaro: You're not being very logical, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: In fact, she's not acting like herself at all. Did she come up here just to claim that she wasn't crying? She should have just gone back to her hotel and cried into a pillow instead of coming here to make excuses.
Kurisu: Anyway, I wasn't crying. Understand? End of discussion. Sniff.
UNSPOKEN: That sniffle tanked any credibility she might have had. Even now, instead of going back to her hotel, she plops onto the sofa and hugs Mayuri's Upa plushie to her chest like a little girl. For the next few minutes, she just sits there, pouting and staring at the wall. If the TV were on, then we could have a little BGM for some distraction, but unfortunately, painful silence prevails. The only sounds are the whirring of the desktop's hard drive and Kurisu's occasional sniffle. Geez, what an annoying assistant. How are we supposed to get any science done like this?
Rintaro: Christina.
Kurisu: Shut up. Don't talk to me.
UNSPOKEN: Your lips say don't, but your aura says please. Maybe she's begging for attention?
Rintaro: Listen. You don't have to talk. Just listen. If there's something troubling you, I'll do everything in my power to help.
Kurisu: ...Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me blankly.
Rintaro: And it's not just me. I'm sure I speak for Mayuri and Daru as well. So don't hesitate to come to us. When you want to cry, don't hold it in. Just let it out. We won't reject you. We'll hear you out.
Kurisu: Why...
Rintaro: Because you're important to us. You're our friend.
Kurisu: Ah... yeah...
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Kurisu blushes and hangs her head. She hugs Upa so hard, his face caves in.
Kurisu: ...I'm sorry. I was a little upset.
Rintaro: You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. Just tell me when you're ready. I'll hear you out.
Kurisu: ...Okay.
UNSPOKEN: She nods softly. Looks like my sincerity has reached her. Heh... heh heh... heh heh heh! Show a friendless, experiment-loving girl just a little kindness, and she'll easily grant you her favor. How do I know that? Because I, too, have few friends! Muhahaha! Kurisu's help is critical to solving the mystery of the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Now that my plan has succeeded, her petty private matters shall no longer be an impediment to our science. Normally I, the great Hououin Kyouma, would not concern myself with the mental health of my minions, but if this is the price I must pay to bring my dream to fruition, so be it! With this, Kurisu's loyalty is assured. Soon, the world will tremble before us! After killing some time at MayQueen, I leave Daru and head back to the lab. The only person there is Mayuri. She's working on a costume.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Eh? Midnight oil? Are we eating?
UNSPOKEN: Sigh, kids these days.
Mayuri: Besides, Mayushii doesn't charge for her costumes.
UNSPOKEN: Seems like she understood the rest of what I said. It was just a joke, anyway.
Mayuri: Hobbies should just be hobbies, you know. It makes me happy to see someone wearing a costume I made♪
Rintaro: Do you want to become a designer?
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, Mayuri has never talked about her future.
Mayuri: No way. It's too hard!
Rintaro: Then what is your dream? Mine is to destroy the System and plunge the world into chaos.
Mayuri: Um... Mayushii just wants to keep hanging out in the lab.
Rintaro: What? You want to be a lab mem forever? I appreciate your enthusiasm, but this lab has no interest in profit. You'll always be hurting for food.
Mayuri: You know, Okarin, we have six lab mems now. Isnt it amazing? Mayushii never expected we'd grow this big.
UNSPOKEN: That's a sudden change in topic. And for some reason, she's puffing her chest out in pride.
Mayuri: It's all because Mayushii became your hostage!
Rintaro: No. That has nothing to do with it. I tricked every last one of you into joining with my masterful manipulations! Muhahaha!
Mayuri: You shouldn't say things like that. And besides, you didn't trick me!
Rintaro: That's true. You came of your own volition.
UNSPOKEN: She joined the lab without my ever asking. When she appeared in the doorway and offered to join, I thought she was a goddess sent from heaven. 
Mayuri: Okarin? Can Mayushii still be your hostage?
UNSPOKEN: Is that a joke or a serious question? I can't tell.
Rintaro: Is that what you want?
Mayuri: Well...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri drops the costume in her hand. And then she smiles shyly.
Mayuri: Maybe it is!
Rintaro: Such a masochist! I had no idea!
Mayuri: ??? But I mean, as long as I'm your hostage, Mayushii won't be lonely, and neither will Okarin. Ehehe!
Rintaro: I... I see.
UNSPOKEN: Sometimes Mayuri throws me off my game. But if that's her reason for staying at the lab, then I'm happy.
Mayuri: Ah! I'd better get going.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and starts putting away her various sewing tools.
Rintaro: Mayuri.
Mayuri: Hm?
Rintaro: Want to get something to eat on the way back? My treat.
Mayuri: Really? You never treat me.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, I'm in a good mood today!
Mayuri: Then how about Kitchen Jiro? Their minced cutlet is, um, god tier.
UNSPOKEN: She'll get no argument from me.
Rintaro: Just leave it to me.
Mayuri: Yay! I love you, Okarin♪ Mayushii's really happy!
UNSPOKEN: Well, at least she's easy to please. Mayuri and I head for Kitchen Jiro. After that, I'll see her safely to the station.  I spend the next morning doing laundry at the nearby laundromat. When I return to the lab just past noon, Daru, Mayuri, and Kurisu are all assembled.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply.
Kurisu: It's the middle of summer, but instead of going on vacation, I'm stuck in this sauna with a bunch of pervs. Where did I go wrong?
UNSPOKEN: She's really giving us a verbal beatdown.
Rintaro: Wipe your tears, you experiment-loving girl without a single friend.
Kurisu: I'm not crying! Besides, you're the one who told us to be here.
Rintaro: Indeed. But the one who obeyed my orders and arrived on time... was you.
Mayuri: You know, Chris-chan is actually a very honest and hardworking girl. That's what Mayushii thinks♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles as she eats some nuggets from McD's.
Mayuri: That's what makes her so adorable.
Kurisu: Eh, wha...!? How can this girl say something like that while eating a nugget...
UNSPOKEN: Don't let it bother you. That's just Mayuri's nature. I've been with her for a long time, so I'm used to it.
Itaru: A yuri flag. I get it.
Kurisu: Please unget it.
Mayuri: Here, Chris-chan. Have a nugget.
Kurisu: Th-thanks...
UNSPOKEN: While listening to their heartwarming banter, I go to put my laundry on the table. However--
Kurisu: Don't put that there. It's filthy.
Rintaro: I just washed them!
Kurisu: Like I care. What kind of guy puts his underwear in a girl's face? Have some decency.
Rintaro: If you're that interested in my underwear, then just say so.
Kurisu: Wh-wha...! I'm not interested at all!
Mayuri: Come on, guys. No more talking about underwear. Mayushii's trying to eat here, okay?
Itaru: How can you say that when you're still shoveling nuggets into your mouth...
Rintaro: Don't interrupt me!
UNSPOKEN: I end up putting my laundry in the changing room.
Rintaro: As I explained to Daru yesterday, I've noticed something about the results of our experiments! D-Mails have too many uncertain variables. We can never be sure what will happen when we send one.
Kurisu: It's not like we can do anything about that. After all, the result is up to whoever receives the mail. Of course, if you can analyze the recipient's psychology, then you might be able to manipulate them into doing what you want. Though that might be a bit too much for Hououin Underwear here.
Itaru: You just wanted to say underwear, didn't you?
Rintaro: Underwear aside, the fact is that D-Mail is still far from complete.
UNSPOKEN: I need a more reliable time machine before I can expose SERN and the Organization and plunge the world into chaos.
Rintaro: And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I called you here today. The purpose of today's Round Table Conference is--
Itaru: Another Round Table?
Kurisu: If you want a Round Table Conference that much, at least go buy a round table.
Mayuri: Remember what Okarin said, Chris-chan? The round table is in our hearts.
Kurisu: Mayuri-san, you're really innocent. But you shouldn't take everything Okabe says seriously.
Mayuri: Really?
Rintaro: The round table doesn't matter now. More importantly, the purpose of today's meeting... Is to explore methods of true physical time travel, not just D-Mail, with the objective of sending someone to the past like SERN has.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: That was fast. And she's glaring at me even harder than she was during the whole underwear thing.
Kurisu: SERN has the best equipment in the world, and even after nine years, they still haven't succeeded. We can't possibly hope to accomplish something like that.
Mayuri: You'll become a GelOkarin! Ehehe!
Itaru: Kinda sounds like Gero Froggy. Why did those things get popular, anyway?
Kurisu: This isn't a laughing matter...
Rintaro: Isn't it too early to give up? Haven't we already succeeded with D-Mail, a first in human history?
Itaru: But we're not the first. Didn't SERN do it before us?
Rintaro: Humanity's first time-traveling email. For we who have achieved that miracle, nothing is impossible!
Kurisu: Such baseless confidence. Anyway, wasn't it just a coincidence that we discovered D-Mail? We still haven't figured out what's functioning as the lifter.
Rintaro: We just need to figure that out, don't we?
Kurisu: It's futile. How do you solve a problem that even SERN can't figure out? If you can't set the destination, then you don't know where you'll leap to.
Itaru: I'll pass on leaping into deep space, thanks.
UNSPOKEN: That is a problem. If you can't control where you'll end up, your time machine is worthless.
Rintaro: Wait a second. We don't set the destination when we send a D-Mail, yet it still arrives where it's supposed to. How do you explain that?
Kurisu: Now that you mention it...
Itaru: You set the mail address, right? Isn't that enough?
Kurisu: Is it? I don't think a phone signal can be received from millions of kilometers away.
Mayuri: I bet you'd get a busy signal or something!
UNSPOKEN: I stare at my phone.
Rintaro: Maybe our cellphones are acting like black holes and white holes.
Kurisu: You shouldn't speculate like that. You have zero basis.
Rintaro: Is it possible that we form a wormhole?
Kurisu: No wormholes have ever been confirmed to exist.
UNSPOKEN: I groan. Kurisu and Daru fall silent. The problem has them stumped too. Mayuri's the only one smiling. She probably doesn't understand and is just smiling because she feels like it.
Rintaro: In any case, the cold, hard truth is that D-Mails arrive precisely when and where we want them to. We're ahead of SERN in that regard. Now, can we apply D-Mail technology to physical time travel?
Itaru: But with D-Mails, you can only send 36 bytes of data. No way you can send a whole person with that kind of limit.
UNSPOKEN: It's the same problem that SERN is having, and the reason their subjects turn into jellymen.
Kurisu: If you want to become GelOkarin, I'm not stopping you.
UNSPOKEN: Recalling the fate of SERN's researchers makes my skin crawl. Kerr black holes. Ring singularities. Super gravitational space-time distortions. If you can adjust the lifter's volume of electron injection, you might be able to make the ring singularities naked. But even SERN is having a hard time controlling the lifter. Even if we do figure out what's functioning as the lifter in our time machine, I doubt we'll be able to solve the problem easily. Meaning that at present, we can only send a mere 36 bytes of data. I wonder how much data there is in a human body. I bet it's more than an exabyte...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Sending data through time is enough, huh?
Rintaro: Such pessimism is unbecoming of a scientist sworn to uncover the secrets of the universe.
Kurisu: I'm telling you to know your limits. If you're going to uncover the secrets of the universe, you need personnel, equipment, and funding to rival SERN's. It's one thing to set lofty goals, but this impoverished lab has no resources to speak of. I've been thinking. Maybe we should bring the PhoneWave to a proper research institution and entrust it to a specialist. SERN's keeping their time machine research top secret, so if we make an official announcement, it'll benefit the future of mankind.
Rintaro: ...If we make an official announcement, the Organization will become aware of my existence.
Kurisu: Oh come on! I'm being serious here. This isn't the time for your childish--
Rintaro: And we've hacked into SERN. Those heartless bastards will do anything, even experiment on human beings. And behind them is a power greater than all the nations of the Earth. If we make the PhoneWave (name subject to change) public, they might have us erased.
Kurisu: ...You watch too many movies.
Rintaro: The name 'Committee of 300' appeared in actual SERN documents.
Kurisu: Yeah, but...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's tone weakens.
Mayuri: Mayushii's kinda scared...
Itaru: If they find out about our hacking, they'll seriously have us killed. I didn't make any mistakes that could give us away, of course.
Rintaro: Also, and this is the biggest problem--
UNSPOKEN: I lower my voice and look hard at each one of them in turn.
Rintaro: If we go public, we won't be able to do cool stuff with D-Mails anymore!
Kurisu: Why you...
Rintaro: Muhahaha! No way I'm giving up such an awesome machine! I am Hououin Kyouma! The insane mad scientist who rules space and time! What I desire is -- that's right -- CHAOS!
Kurisu: This guy's hopeless. Better do something quick.
Itaru: Eh?
Rintaro: Hm?
Mayuri: Hwe?
Kurisu: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: Everybody freezes.
Rintaro: Christina. Are you an @channe--
Kurisu: Shut up! I'm not, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me her sharpest glare yet. Her eyes are so cold, my spine turns to ice. I nod and swallow what I was going to say.
Rintaro: Th-that reminds me, Daru. Have you made any progress hacking into SERN?
UNSPOKEN: He did say it would take time to learn how to use the IBN 5100. But I know he's been coming to the lab every day to work on it. His monitor is always displaying some kind of program, and his fingers are always busy on the keyboard.
Itaru: Yeah, right now I'm combing SERN's massive database. It would take years to read it all. For now, I've passed everything that looks important to Makise-shi for translation. Basically, I've gone as deep as I can go. SERN belongs to me now.
Rintaro: Thank goodness you're on my side.
UNSPOKEN: If only you weren't so weak to seduction.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Can you stop talking like that? It's pretentious and annoying as hell.
Mayuri: Hell☆
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a cute, idol-like pose and smiles for some reason.
Mayuri: Um, Chris-chan, as Okarin's childhood friend, I promise you'll get used to how he talks eventually.
Kurisu: I just hope it doesn't take ten years...
Rintaro: So you're saying you want to stay with me for ten years? In other words, you want to work at this lab for the rest of your--
Kurisu: It was sarcasm, get it? Sarcasm.
Rintaro: ...Oh. Give me your report, Christina. If you don't, I'll call you an '@channeler'--
Kurisu: Didn't you hear me the first time!?
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me again. My blood goes cold.
Kurisu: I've been working on the translation when I have time, but so far I haven't seen anything new about time travel. It looks like SERN is still struggling to find a solution.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe they'll have to wait another 24 years like Titor said.
Rintaro: Daru, any other results?
Itaru: Well, it looks like SERN's in the middle of a big project, so the LHC's at full operation. I'm trying to see if I can cut in and maybe use it secretly.
Kurisu: What? No way.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's stunned. Honestly, so am I.
Mayuri: Is that amazing?
Kurisu: It's not amazing. It's downright outrageous! Super Hacka, what a monster!
Rintaro: Hey, Christina. Are you doing that on purpose?
Kurisu: Ugh... d-doing what?
UNSPOKEN: She's an @channeler. No doubt about it.
Itaru: Anyway, I'm just doing it for laughs. It's not like we have any reason to use the LHC.
Rintaro: It sounds like things are going smoothly. When do you begin stage three of the operation?
Itaru: What's stage three?
Rintaro: SERN's most secret, forbidden domain. We're going to free the darkness hidden inside.
Itaru: In Japanese please.
Rintaro: The IBN 5100 database. I'm asking if you've started hacking it yet.
UNSPOKEN: Daru frowns.
Itaru: We can't, remember?
Rintaro: You said all we needed was an IBN 5100 of our own!
Itaru: Right. That's the problem. We can't do anything without one.
Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Again, this feeling of disconnect. The conversation isn't making sense.
Rintaro: But I got you an IBN 5100. You haven't started working on it yet?
Itaru: Huh? You got one? When?
UNSPOKEN: Puzzled, I look at Kurisu and Mayuri. Mayuri looks confused, like always. Kurisu meets my eyes and shrugs her shoulders.
Kurisu: First I've heard of it.
Rintaro: Impossible!
UNSPOKEN: That just can't be! I dash into the development room. The IBN 5100 I borrowed from Yanabayashi Shrine should be on the shelf inside. It's in a cardboard box, and it weighs 25 kilos, too heavy for a single person to carry. But when I go to look...
Rintaro: ...It's gone.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: The IBN 5100 was right here! Where did it go!?
UNSPOKEN: Everyone looks at me in surprise.
Rintaro: Why are you staring at me like that!? The legendary PC that was donated to Yanabayashi Shrine!! You've seen it! Remember!?
Mayuri: I don't remember.
Itaru: Donated to Yanabayashi Shrine? That's stupid.
Kurisu: You sure you weren't hallucinating? It's hot these days.
UNSPOKEN: Despair drags me down like quicksand. We can't hack that database without the IBN 5100! Who stole it? The Organization? SERN? SERN is a possibility. Maybe they noticed our hacking and stole the IBN 5100 from the lab. No no no. Even if they could steal the IBN 5100 from the lab, they can't steal Mayuri and Daru's memories of it! What happened!? Kiryu Moeka. Maybe I should check with her first. Could someone other than Moeka have stolen the IBN 5100? I consider the possibilities. The next name that comes to mind is--
Rintaro: Don't tell me it was John Titor!? Of course! Titor's goal was to obtain an IBN 5100! And I've already contacted him several times. But how did he get my personal information!?
UNSPOKEN: I send the mail to Moeka. I don't know if I'll get a response. Why am I sending her a mail like this? The reason's obvious. I want to test her. If it was an inside crime, then Moeka's the prime suspect, considering her strange attachment to the IBN 5100. I wait a while, but no reply comes. Of course, even if Moeka were the culprit, she wouldn't just admit it.
Kurisu: Calm down. Tell us what happened. You don't have to be precise. Just say whatever comes to mind. We can work it out later.
Rintaro: Y-yeah...
UNSPOKEN: I wipe my sweat with a handkerchief, then slowly explain the purpose of the IBN 5100 and how I came to obtain one. While I'm trying to decide whether I should send the mail, Kurisu tells me to calm down. A high school girl is chiding me... She dares make a fool of Hououin Kyouma!? Irritated, I explain the purpose of the IBN 5100 and how I came to obtain one. During that time, I also send Moeka a mail for confirmation.
Kurisu: Hmmm... The IBN 5100 may have disappeared as a result of changes someone made to the past.
Rintaro: Ohh! So you believe me!
Kurisu: But from my perspective, all of the D-Mails we sent so far were trivial.
Mayuri: Um, there's that one we sent when we first realized PhoneWave-chan was a time machine, right?
Itaru: The one that said 'Okarin is a perv'.
Kurisu: And during the preliminary D-Mail experiments, I sent dozens to Okabe's phone. But they were all insubstantial, so I don't think they could've changed the past.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: There was one more. The first mail Okabe accidentally sent that said I was dead.
Rintaro: But from my perspective, we sent several more.
Mayuri: You mean how you sent the winning LOTO SIX numbers? And how Luka-chan bought a ticket with those numbers, but didn't win?
Kurisu: But nobody aside from Okabe remembers him sending it.
Rintaro: But I showed you guys afterwards. It was still in my phone's arrival history.
Itaru: We were so close.
Mayuri: Is that all?
Rintaro: No. There's more. Moeka and Lukako each sent a D-Mail.
Kurisu: Oh, right. That's what you claim, but Hashida, Mayuri-san, and I don't remember either of those.
Mayuri: Owww... Mayushii's getting a headache...
Rintaro: I already told you guys. I'm the only one who keeps his memories after the world changes.
Kurisu: So according to your perspective, when did the IBN 5100 disappear? Did it just happen? When's the last time you remember seeing it in the lab?
Rintaro: Well...
UNSPOKEN: I put my index finger to my forehead and search my memories. IBN 5100... IBN 5100...
Rintaro: I'm sure... it was August 3rd. I remember it being in the lab on August 3rd.
Kurisu: Are you certain?
Rintaro: I... think so.
UNSPOKEN: So many things have happened. My memories are a jumble. Let's go over the events which led to me obtaining the IBN 5100. I heard that Faris was a retro PC maniac who knew about the IBN 5100. I learned that nine years ago, she donated her IBN 5100 to Yanabayashi Shrine. I asked Lukako's dad for help, and he leant me the IBN 5100 just like that. Mission complete. At the very least, Faris and Lukako should remember what happened. I should give them a call. First up is Lukako.
Luka: Hello, Okabe-san. Um... p-please forget what you saw the other day...
Rintaro: I saw something?
Luka: My... cosplay...
UNSPOKEN: Oh, that? That was just Lukako getting embarrassed for no reason.
Rintaro: More importantly, I have questions about the IBN 5100.
Luka: The... eyebeam... five?
Rintaro: IBN 5100. About nine years ago, someone dedicated a retro PC to Yanabayashi Shrine. That's the one. Know anything?
Luka: Y-yes.
UNSPOKEN: He remembers! Lukako really remembers!
Rintaro: Just a while ago, I came to the shrine looking for it, didn't I!? And then I asked your old man and he let me borrow it. Right!?
Luka: Eh...? I don't...
Rintaro: ...Right?
Luka: I don't remember anything like that...
UNSPOKEN: What? Is this another effect of changing the past?
Rintaro: The IBN 5100 was at the shrine though, right? Is it there now?
Luka: Um... I don't know the details...
Rintaro: Where are you now? Is your old man there?
Luka: ...No.
Rintaro: ...Damn. Okay. Sorry for calling you so suddenly.
Luka: N-no problem. I'm sorry that I couldn't help..
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Mayuri, I need to contact Faris.
Mayuri: Hweh?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's eating an eclair. She must have stuck some in the fridge when I wasn't looking.
Mayuri: Want one, Okarin? They're delicious♪
UNSPOKEN: Now that she mentions it, Kurisu and Daru are eating too.
Rintaro: You people don't have a care in the world, do you!? There's some crazy stuff happening here!
Kurisu: Or it could all just be in your head. No need to panic.
UNSPOKEN: It's not just in my head. It's not!
Mayuri: You need Feris-chan for something? I wonder if she's working today.
Itaru: Faris-tan's off today.
UNSPOKEN: Well done, Daru. You know Faris's schedule better than her coworker. I award you the title of Faris Stalker.
Rintaro: You know her phone number, right? See if you can get ahold of her.
Mayuri: Okay!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes out her phone and makes a call. After a short wait, Mayuri smiles.
Mayuri: Feris-chan? Good afternyan-nyan♪ It's Mayushii, nyan♪
Kurisu: Nya, nyan...?
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. This is the first time Kurisu has heard Mayuri speak NyanNyanian.
Mayuri: Sorry to bother you on your day off. Okarin said he wants to talk to you about something. Wanna talk to him? Huh? You know. Okarin! ...Kyouma? Who's Kyouma?
UNSPOKEN: The hell are they talking about? By the way, Faris is the only person who calls me by my true name, Hououin Kyouma. I'm thankful for that, but she still drives me crazy.
Mayuri: I'm handing you over, okay? Here you go, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: I take Mayuri's phone. Faris' face is displayed on the LCD. She's wearing cat ears even though it's her day off.
Rintaro: It's me. Hououin Kyouma.
Faris: Nyao♪ How unusual for Kyouma to contact me, nya.
Rintaro: There's something I need to ask you. Long ago, you donated a retro PC to Yanabayashi shrine. Am I mistaken?
Faris: Nyan.
Rintaro: What? What's 'nyan' supposed to mean, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Ah crap, I started to talk like her. Kurisu bursts out laughing. Looks like she heard.
Faris: It means you're right, nya. Though I didn't know it was called the IBN 5100 until recently, nya.
Rintaro: What? Why recently?
Faris: Daru-nyan told me, nya.
UNSPOKEN: So that's it... At any rate, Faris has confirmed that the IBN 5100 was at Yanabayashi Shrine. So did the IBN 5100 disappear from the lab after I retrieved it? No, Kurisu and the others lost their memories of me bringing it back to the lab. So I'm considering two possibilities: One. I went to the shrine, but didn't acquire the IBN 5100. It's still at the shrine. Two. Before I went to the shrine, someone moved the IBN 5100 somewhere else. Looks like I'll have to go to the shrine after all.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Ah, nothing...
UNSPOKEN: Faris was a retro PC maniac, wasn't she? Let's just make sure.
Rintaro: Do you have any other information on the IBN 5100? It's a super rare PC. As a charisma-build maid, I expect you have a strong network in Akiba, correct? I'd like you to use that network and search for any IBN 5100s in Akiba now.
UNSPOKEN: We only need to find one. It doesn't matter if it's the one I found at the shrine.
Faris: Hmnya... I can look. But for a price, nya.
Rintaro: A price?
UNSPOKEN: Is she trying to strike a deal? That's unexpected.
Rintaro: ...Let's hear it.
Faris: I want you to come over to Faris's apartment, nya.
Rintaro: Where is this apartment of yours?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly prepare a memo pad and write down the address Faris recites.
Rintaro: Oh, so you live in Akiba.
UNSPOKEN: That'll make things quick. Judging by the address, it should be right next to the station.
Faris: I'll be waiting, nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: I return Mayuri's phone and stand up from the couch. Let's stop by Yanabayashi Shrine and then head to Faris's place.
Rintaro: ...Well?
UNSPOKEN: I look over my shoulder with a frown.
Rintaro: Why are you guys tagging along?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru are following me, even though I didn't ask them to come. Kurisu stayed back at the lab.
Mayuri: Mayushii's never been to Feris-chan's place. I thought I'd like to visit once. Hehe♪
Itaru: I mean, it's Faris-tan's home. No way I'm missing this.
UNSPOKEN: It might be a bad idea to take the Faris stalker along. A really bad idea... Well, whatever. If Faris has a problem with it, then we can send him away when we get there. Nothing else matters as long as I get Faris to search for an IBN 5100. Of course, if the IBN 5100's at Yanabayashi shrine, then that won't even be necessary. I stop by the shrine, but Lukako's not there. I guess he was out when he answered the phone earlier. I've got no other choice, so I go to the humble shrine office and press the intercom button. Luka's dad comes out. When I try asking him if the IBN 5100 was donated to the shrine, he answers it certainly was. But after he tries looking for it, he says he can't find it anywhere, and he has no idea where it went. I ask if he lent me the IBN 5100 before, but that event is gone from his memory. What's going on here? While heading towards Faris's place, I analyse the situation. The IBN 5100 has disappeared from the lab, even though it was there just a few days ago. It has also disappeared from Yanabayashi Shrine. It's like some god is messing with me, moving it every time I get close. The D-Mails definitely have something to do with this. I can only begin to imagine how the past has changed. At any rate, it looks like we'll have to rely on Faris. The usual weekend crowd packs the front of Akiba Station. Girls dressed in maid outfits and school uniforms diligently distribute fliers to the passers-by. I appreciate their efforts in this godawful heat.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: After a few melanin-boosting moments walking in the sun, I come to a sudden stop.
Mayuri: What's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: I've caught sight of a woman squatting on the side of the road, hugging her knees and typing on her phone. That's got to be Lab Mem 005, Kiryu Moeka. Wait. Is she still a lab mem? Mayuri and Daru don't remember her. Well, whatever!
Rintaro: What luck!
UNSPOKEN: There's something I need to ask her! I run up to Moeka.
Rintaro: Hey, Shining Finger!
UNSPOKEN: I try getting her attention, but she's stuck in her own little world.
Moeka: I-B-N... I-B-N... I-B-N... Gonegonegone... why is it gone... why can't I find it... is it really in this town... don't tell me it's already...
Rintaro: Are you listening, Shining Finger!?
Moeka: It should be... should be here... has to be... FB said so...
UNSPOKEN: No reaction.
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The normally expressionless Moeka frowns in bewilderment.
Rintaro: You... don't remember, do you?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka shakes her head faintly. Then she looks down and begins operating her phone at high speed. She really doesn't know? If the IBN 5100 had been stolen from the lab, then Moeka would be my first suspect. But the IBN 5100 disappeared from Yanabayashi Shrine, not the lab. It can't have been Moeka's doing. So it was the D-Mail? Or perhaps it was the work of SERN?
Rintaro: I'm sorry, Finger.
UNSPOKEN: I squat in front of Moeka and bow my head.
Rintaro: I suspected you. A lab mem! A comrade! I'm the worst sort of man. Hit me, please. I don't mind. But there's one thing I want you to know. In my long years running from the Organization, I've grown unable to trust anyone.
UNSPOKEN: Why? Why did I have to be born with these gifts that others so covet!?
Rintaro: Once I start to suspect, everyone looks suspicious. No matter how many comrades gather around me, I always feel alone. Pitiful, aren't I? D-did you just ignore my entire speech?
Itaru: Hey, Okarin. You're doing improv in the middle of the street. Has the heat gone to your head?
UNSPOKEN: So Moeka doesn't know I had an IBN 5100. And judging by her responses, she hasn't found one either. I feel like I'm getting farther and farther away from my goal.
Mayuri: I've been thinking... Moeka-san sure is pretty, isn't she? She's got a nice figure, and she's tall, too! She'd look great in one of my costumes. Ehehe!
Rintaro: Wh...at?
UNSPOKEN: For a second, I doubt my ears. I approach Mayuri.
Rintaro: You've met Moeka before?
Mayuri: Sure I have!
Rintaro: When!?
UNSPOKEN: I grab Mayuri by the shoulders and shake her. Her head bounces back and forth.
Mayuri: Ummmmm? When youuuuu brouuuught herrrr toooo theeee laaaaab!
Rintaro: I did...? Daru. Do you remember her?
Itaru: Sure. We met at the lab.
UNSPOKEN: After Moeka sent her D-Mail, Mayuri, Daru, and Kurisu behaved as if they had never met her before. But now both Mayuri and Daru know her? Does that mean Moeka's past was reconstructed again? Given the timing, it has to be Lukako's D-Mail that did it. But all he did was tell his mother to eat a lot of vegetables. How can that be related to the lab mems' knowledge of Moeka? Is this another example of the Butterfly Effect? The cause doesn't match the effect at all.
Mayuri: Okarin? We need to get going. Faris-chan's waiting, remember?
UNSPOKEN: That's true. Let's think about the Moeka issue later. Right now, we should look for the address written on the memo pad.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Whoa, Okarin! Hold on there! Faris-tan's name is Faris NyanNyan. She doesn't have any other names!
Rintaro: Face reality, Daru. Faris NyanNyan is just her professional name.
Itaru: Uwahh, you're the worst! Why do you have to crush my dreams like that, man?
UNSPOKEN: Quit grumbling. You just can't handle the truth!
Rintaro: Well, Mayuri? Don't you know?
Mayuri: Hmmm, is it okay for Mayushii to tell you?
Rintaro: It's not like you took a vow of secrecy, right? And besides, we're visiting her home, so we'll find out soon enough.
Mayuri: Oh. I guess you're right... But just promise me you'll keep it secret, okay? Like from the masters who come to MayQueen.
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Mayuri: Okay. Feris-chan's real name is Akiha Rumiho-chan!
Itaru: Nyah nyah nyah, not listening!
UNSPOKEN: Daru covers his ears and drowns the sound out.
Rintaro: Akiha...
UNSPOKEN: The same characters as in Akihabara. Appropriate. Our destination turns out to be the high-rise apartment building next to UPX.
Mayuri: Waahh... awwwesome...
Itaru: Wait... seriously?
Rintaro: She lives... here?
UNSPOKEN: We stand there for a while, staring wide-eyed at the towering building before us. According to the address Faris gave me, she lives on the top floor... all the way up there.
Rintaro: Did we get the wrong address?
UNSPOKEN: No. I wouldn't make such a stupid mistake.
Rintaro: Don't tell me Faris is working for the Organization!?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly scan the area. No suspicious figures in sight.
Rintaro: Does she have men in black waiting to haul us off to a re-education camp!?
Itaru: Nice delusion, man. The truth is stranger than fiction. Besides, don't you think it would be super moe if Faris-tan turned out to be a 'rich girl' character?
Rintaro: Nice delusion yourself, man.
Mayuri: Anyway, let's go in!
UNSPOKEN: When we call the top floor room via intercom, we're greeted by the voice of an elderly man. He lets us in immediately once I introduce myself as Hououin Kyouma. It feels like we're walking into a trap, but I can't turn back now. When we get off the elevator, the elderly man from the intercom is there to lead us inside. He turns out to be a silver-haired gentleman in a tuxedo.
Mayuri: A real live butler...
UNSPOKEN: He does indeed look like a stereotypical butler. He fits the bill so well, you wouldn't think he was anything else.
Butler: Mistress. Mr. Hououin Kyouma and friends have arrived.
UNSPOKEN: The butler leads us into a room. Faris is standing before a large window with a panoramic view of Akiba.
Faris: Thanks, Kuroki nya.
UNSPOKEN: I've never seen her wearing anything other than the usual maid uniform, so it's refreshing to see her in her plain clothes. But why does she still have her cat ears on? I want to ask. I can't help but wonder. But I restrain myself. Even if I did ask, Faris would just say something like I was born with these nya.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Faris's eyes twinkle when she sees Mayuri and Daru behind me.
Mayuri: Feris-chan, good afternyan-nyan♪
Itaru: Mhmm, casual Faris-tan... too cute!
UNSPOKEN: I silence the mouth-breathing Daru by introducing his ribs to my elbow.
Rintaro: They followed me. If you don't want them here, I'll send them home.
Faris: No fur off my back, nya. Everyone's welcome nyan♪
Rintaro: Wait, you talk like that even in your own home?
Faris: What do you mean, nya?
Rintaro: Gonna play dumb, Akiha Rumiho?
Faris: Faris is Faris, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Whatever.
Rintaro: Fine. What I really want to know is how you get to live in a luxury apartment in Akiba's best district!
UNSPOKEN: I look around the room again. The interior design and furnishings give a very refined impression. It's elegant without being ostentatious. Actually, it's kind of like a model home. There's nothing to suggest that this room is lived in. No dirty clothes, no used dishware -- not even a speck of dust. That butler, or maybe even some real maids -- if there's a butler, there have to be maids, right? -- must be constantly cleaning up. Speaking of the butler, he's disappeared. I didn't even notice him leave. He's clearly a master butler if he can move so quietly.
Rintaro: Faris... just who are you?
Faris: Like I said, Faris is Faris, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Faris says it so nonchalantly.
Rintaro: Don't play dumb. If you don't explain yourself, I'm leaving!
Itaru: H-how arrogant... we're the ones who came here to ask Faris-tan for a favor, aren't we?
Faris: Hmmya... Well, if you must know... This land originally belonged to my family, nya.
Rintaro: Hah?
UNSPOKEN: What did she just say? This land originally belonged to her family?
Mayuri: Oh! So that's why you're Akiha-san!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's exclamation connects the dots in my head.
Rintaro: Akiha... You mean you're descended from the hereditary landholders of Akihabara!?
UNSPOKEN: Faris nods with a proud expression. So she really is a 'rich girl' character.
Faris: By the way, Faris has considerable influence on Akihabara's development, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Faris wriggles her slender waist and makes a gesture like a cat washing its face.
Faris: It was Faris who convinced the development board to actively promote moe culture in Akiba, nya.
Mayuri: Wow! That's amazing!
Faris: I've been going to development meetings since I was little, nya.
UNSPOKEN: So basically, the chaotic changes in Akiba are all a result of this catgirl's whims?
Faris: But please keep all this a secret, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Faris's expression suddenly darkens.
Rintaro: Why?
Faris: You wanna know, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris approaches me with a bewitching expression.
Faris: That's because...
UNSPOKEN: Faris gently strokes my cheek with her cool, slender fingers. I feel myself falling under her spell. And then-- She grins.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, catgirl! How dare you make a fool of me!?
Faris: I want all my fans to keep treating me the same as always, nyan☆
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts fist pumping when he sees Faris's cutesy act.
Itaru: I'll treat you! I'll treat you at full force!
Mayuri: Mayushii's your fan too! Your maid spirit is really amazing!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru might have fallen for her charms, but not I.
Rintaro: I don't care about any of this!
UNSPOKEN: I thrust my finger at Faris.
Rintaro: Do not defy me, Faris NyanNyan, or I'll paint your expensive wallpaper with blood. You called me to your home so you could show off your status and try to gain leverage in our negotiations. But it's futile. For you are dealing with the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!
Itaru: What kind of reason is that...
UNSPOKEN: Heh. Perfect! Now Faris will tremble in fear and beg for my forgiveness. Or so I thought, but instead, she looks at me with gleaming eyes.
Faris: Nyan♪ Faris loves forceful men, nyan.
Itaru: What... did she say?
UNSPOKEN: That's my line. I wanted to threaten her, not seduce her. Is Faris a masochist!?
Faris: Honestly, Faris didn't want to talk so much about herself, nya. Most people, when they learn who I am, stop seeing me as Faris, nya. They only see the Akiha name. Faris and Akiha Rumiho want to be seen as separate purrsons, nya.
Rintaro: There's nothing to separate. You are Faris NyanNyan, are you not?
Faris: Nya?
Itaru: For once I agree with you, Okarin! Whenever she speaks NyanNyanian and wears her cat ears, she is Faris-tan!
Rintaro: You're just being overly self-conscious, Faris.
Faris: I don't know, nya...
Rintaro: I'm serious. To me, you will always be the unbeatable cat-eared maid!
Faris: Nyahaha. Thanks, Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: Why is she thanking me? Well, she's probably admiring my incredible magnanimity. Muhahaha! Now then, let's finish this idle gossip and get down to business.
Rintaro: Faris, you said there would be a price to pay in exchange for your help acquiring an IBN 5100. What is your price? Do not test the limits of my good will. If I unseal my right arm for even an instant, everything will be destroyed, and nothing will remain... just so you know.
Faris: Fine by me, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris points at the cat ears sticking out of her head.
Faris: These cat ears have the power to negate all other powers -- NyanNyan Clear. When Kyouma's power is unleashed, Faris will stop it, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I shouldn't have mentioned my hand to Faris. Faris's most terrifying power is one known as Dubbing 10. It allows her to steal other people's stories and add them to her own. I'm the one who named it, of course. The number 10 doesn't really mean anything.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Faris chuckles. But I notice something. Her eyes aren't smiling.
Faris: Is to let me use your time machine, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Yes. I had a feeling that was it.
Faris: I heard what you said at MayQueen yesterday. You've built a time machine.
Rintaro: Indeed. We have created the first successful time machine in human history.
Itaru: Uh, SERN was the first.
Rintaro: But don't misunderstand. We call it a time machine, but it's not the kind you can hop into and fly to whenever you want. All we can do is send a 36-byte email to someone's phone in the past. But even that is worthy of a Nobel Prize in physics. It is a transcendental super invention that will alter the course of human history forever.
Faris: It can send an email to someone in the past? That's awesome! Faris wants to use it, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris jumps up and down with joy.
Rintaro: The time machine is our lab's greatest secret. If you want to use it, then you must become a lab mem.
Faris: A lab mem? What's that, nya?
Mayuri: Well, it means you get to be a part of our club♪ Mayushii would be super happy if Feris-chan became a lab mem!
Itaru: Same here! That would be AWWWWWRIGHT! Please join! I'm begging here!
Faris: How do I become a lab mem, nya?
Rintaro: There's no contract. We only require that you perform... the blood oath.
Faris: The... blood oath!!
UNSPOKEN: The window is closed, but a gust of wind blows through the room. It's coming from the air conditioner. But outside the window, I see rainclouds cover the sky. I hear the rumbling of thunder inside my brain.
Rintaro: Faris NyanNyan, if thou dost desire to join the hallowed order of lab mems, then by the code passed down in High Ancient from an age long forgotten... Pledge thy flesh, thy bone, thy blood, and thy soul to the Grail of Heaven, and swear fealty everlasting! This duty fulfilled, the old gods shall grant thee thy lab mem number.
Itaru: I didn't understand a word of that...
Mayuri: Oh no! What do I do? Mayushii never ate any blood loaf. Does that mean Mayushii's not a lab mem?
Itaru: Don't worry, Mayu-shi. This is just Okarin's usual nonsense.
Mayuri: Oh! I guess everything's fine then♪ Thank goodness!
Faris: Very well, nya. I shall take the blood oath, nya...
UNSPOKEN: With a grim expression, Faris grabs the small knife on top of her desk-- And suddenly slashes it against her wrist.
Rintaro: --!?
Mayuri: No!
Itaru: Uh, isn't that a paper knife?
Faris: Nyahaha♪ Daru-nyan's right, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Gh, she surprised me! I clear my throat and pull myself together.
Rintaro: Very well, Faris, I invest you as Lab Mem 007.
Faris: Purrfect. So now can I use the time machine, nya?
Rintaro: Indeed. But not a word to anyone. Death to traitors. That's the law of the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: No. Okarin made it up just now.
Faris: Thanks, Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: Faris hugs me by the neck. A very sweet aroma tickles my nose. And something very soft tickles my...
Itaru: Okarin, you jerk! I helped make the PhoneWave too!
Faris: Really nya? Then Daru-nyan too!
UNSPOKEN: Faris flies over to Daru.
Mayuri: I'm glad she's so happy, Okarin♪
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... Mayuri, you really are innocent.
Mayuri: Hweh?
UNSPOKEN: I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. ...Yeah, I've got her wrapped around my finger. What did you expect? She's just a 17-year-old girl. That catgirl thinks she's bargained with me to appease her lust for mankind's dream, the forbidden fruit that is the time machine. But she's dancing to the tune of Hououin Kyouma! ...Hmph, why did I agree to pay her price, you ask? That should be obvious.
UNSPOKEN: Then I twist my lips into a grin. My razor-sharp shark teeth are probably glistening right now. ...Damn, I wish I had shark teeth.
Rintaro: That catgirl shall be our guinea pig. ...I'm a monster? What a terrible thing to say. Not that you're wrong, exactly. Heh heh heh.
Mayuri: ...?
UNSPOKEN: Our D-Mail experiments have reached a standstill. Kurisu refuses to become a subject, and Mayuri and Daru are too dumb to be useful. We managed to experiment on Moeka and Lukako, but we still need more data. Along comes Faris. She's going to provide me with both an IBN 5100 and new data. Two birds with one stone!
Rintaro: Right. Faris thinks she's using us... But it is we who are using her! She is but a moth drawn to my brilliant flame. Muhahaha! As planned, we are proceeding to the next phase of the experiment. This is the choice of Steins Gate. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: Someone taps me on the shoulder after I put away my phone. Right after that, they blow into my ear.
Rintaro: Mmgh!?
Faris: Who were you talking to, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris is behind me. She must have finished servicing Daru while I was still on the phone. No doubt she heard everything.
Rintaro: It's too late, Faris NyanNyan. You've already taken the blood oath. If you break it, ruin will befall you. There is no escape.
Faris: Ok, nya. So where's the time machine, nya?
UNSPOKEN: She's certainly in a hurry.
Rintaro: The time machine -- its name is the PhoneWave (name subject to change), by the way -- is in our lab.
UNSPOKEN: This time, we'll make use of the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s original function and send the D-Mail by remote control. Kurisu should still be in the lab. I'll leave the setup to her. I ask Faris where she wants the D-Mail to go. She says she's sending it to her father 10 years ago. I take down his email address. The destination is April 3, 2000. It has to be at 8am that day, so we use an online calculator to factor in leap years, resulting in 86168 hours.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: It doesn't actually have to run the entire duration.
UNSPOKEN: Our previous experiments have confirmed that.
Rintaro: The mail reaches the past if you send it as soon as the discharge begins. In accordance with the Butterfly Effect, the remaining seconds should be canceled out. The experiment never happened.
UNSPOKEN: The fact that the D-Mail was sent is erased, leaving behind only the mail in the recipient's phone. At least, that's what our experiments have shown so far. Now, let's call Kurisu.
Kurisu: Hallo.
Rintaro: It's me. What's the situation? She hung up on me!
Itaru: Of course she did. Mayu-shi and I are the only ones who can deal with your act, you know?
UNSPOKEN: Again!
Kurisu: Hallo.
Rintaro: It's Hououin Kyouma. Don't hang up.
Kurisu: Oh, it's Okabe. I was sure it was a prank call.
Rintaro: It shows you my number, doesn't it!?
Kurisu: You were talking crazy, so I got scared and hung up.
Rintaro: In other words, you fear the insanity of Hououin Kyouma! Well, I suppose you can't be blamed for-- She hung up! Again!
Itaru: Like I said, we're the only ones who can put up with you...
UNSPOKEN: I quickly redial.
Kurisu: Hallo.
Rintaro: This is Okabe Rintaro. Sorry, but could you mess with the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s settings a little, please?
Kurisu: Well why didn't you say so? Hmm... you're going to use the PhoneWave? I don't want to anger the guy downstairs, though.
Rintaro: We're about to perform a critical experiment. Understand, assistant? Mister Braun might yell at you, but that small sacrifice will bring mankind's dream, the time machine, to fruition.
Kurisu: You're really irresponsible, you know that? ...Well? What should I set it to?
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Faris's dad's mail address. And I have her set the timer.
Kurisu: Okay, it's ready.
Rintaro: Alright, thanks. Wait a bit.
UNSPOKEN: I turn to Faris.
Rintaro: Finished writing what you want to send?
UNSPOKEN: I already told her the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s email address. Faris nods.
Rintaro: What did you write? You sure it's something that'll change the past?
Faris: W-well...
UNSPOKEN: Hm? What happened to her usual confidence?
Faris: I-it's embarrassing, nya! A trade secret, nyan!
Rintaro: A secret!? Nonsense! This is science! Unless we know what you're sending, we can't verify the results!
Faris: What's that supposed to mean!? No one said anything about science, nya! I'm using the time machine for myself, not science, nya!
Rintaro: That's not fair!
Itaru: You're one to talk.
UNSPOKEN: Daru, you horny fool, are you siding with Faris!? And you call yourself a super hacka!? Faris covers her phone with her body. Looks like she plans on hiding it to the bitter end. Should we halt the experiment?
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe. How long are you gonna make me wait?
UNSPOKEN: An impatient Kurisu nags me through the phone. Don't rush me, dammit!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Wh-what? Even Mayuri's on Faris's side? She was like this with Moeka too.
Rintaro: Mmmgh...
UNSPOKEN: This is bad. I thought I had Faris in the palm of my hand. Was I dancing to her tune all along!?
Kurisu: Okabe? If you're not gonna send anything, I'm hanging up.
Rintaro: W-wait! Fine. Activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: Dammit, I submitted to the catgirl!
Kurisu: The discharge is starting.
UNSPOKEN: I nod to Faris after getting Kurisu's report. Faris puts her finger on the send button and--
Faris: Click, nya!
UNSPOKEN: As the dizziness fades, I exhale slowly and open my eyes. Alright, world. Show me your new form! Man, I wish I knew what kind of mail Faris sent. First things first. I'm still in her room. When I look out the window, the Akiba sprawl greets me. I scan the room.
Itaru: Okay. Card Open.
Mayuri: Oh no! Another Virus Card!
Faris: Not so fast, nyan♪
Mayuri: Awww... You took three Link Cards, right? And I got three Virus Cards, right? Mayushii's in trouble...
UNSPOKEN: What are they doing? The three of them are sitting around a table, playing some kind of game.
Itaru: We still have a Terminal Card. We can turn the tables next turn.
Faris: Nyahaha♪ It's way too late for that, nya. Faris is going to use the Terminal Card, Virus Checker, nya. So, which is Mayushii's last Virus Card, nya?
Mayuri: Oh no...
Itaru: You're a monster, Faris-tan.
Mayuri: H-hey, could you wait one... no, two or three turns, nya? Please, nya?
Faris: Nyaha♪ Not even if you try to copycat Faris, nyan.
Mayuri: No way!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puts her fingers to both her eyes as if to mime tears. Anyway, it looks like they're playing RaiNet AccessBattlers. It happened again. Reading Steiner. I am the only person in the world who keeps his memories after the past changes.  Faris's D-Mail worked. That's why the three of them are now playing a card game instead of waiting for Faris to press the button. Faris never even sent the D-Mail. If I look at her phone, there won't be any record of it in her send history. And even if I demand that she tell me what she sent, she won't be able to answer. Because the very fact that she sent it has been erased. The only trace of the D-Mail is in the recipient's phone -- namely, Faris's father's phone ten years ago. But that ten-year-old mail data was most likely erased long ago. So I don't think we can check. I have to figure out what changed the hard way. Let's start looking for differences.
Mayuri: Phew... Feris-chan is really strong.
Faris: Mayushii started out strong, nya. You have potential, nyan. But don't think I'll go easy on you just because we're playing for fun, nyan! Besides, I promised Papa that I'd win the next tournyament, nya! I can't lose to anyone before then, nyan!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Whoa, Faris-tan's dad... Shouldn't we say hello?
Mayuri: He's a CEO, right? Wow...
UNSPOKEN: Faris soon returns. Then she turns to us and puts her hands together in a gesture of apology.
Faris: Sorry nya! Faris has to go out with Papa, nya.
Mayuri: Okay. I guess we'll see you later, then.
Itaru: But Faris-tan, what about my match? You promised to give me a hands-on lesson -- you know, really work me over.
Faris: Pretty sure I didn't, nya.
Itaru: Of course you didn't... I was just making it up...
Mayuri: Daru-kun, you shouldn't trouble Feris-chan like that. Come on, Okarin. Let's go back to the lab.
Rintaro: Yeah.
Faris: You know, Kyouma's been awfully quiet, nya. Something wrong, nyan?
Rintaro: Nothing. I was just looking at Akiba, watching the ignorant masses scurry about in search of momentary surcease from the pain of existence.
Itaru: That's Okarin for you... batshit crazy.
UNSPOKEN: Faris, her dad, and their butler see us off. Her dad tells us to come visit again. Faris's dad seems like a cool guy. He's not pompous like you expect rich people to be. The sun is setting, but there's still a crowd in front of Akiba Station. More foreigners than usual. People come from all over the world to buy electronics and otaku goods in Akiba, but it looks like the satellite is attracting some as well. Man, it's hot. Less than a minute outside and I'm already drenched in sweat. Faris's air-conditioned apartment was a little slice of heaven. I'd love air conditioning in the lab, but we don't have that kind of money. Anyway, how about some food? I turn around to ask Daru and Mayushii what they think. Mayuri's not there.
Rintaro: Huh? Where'd Mayuri go?
Itaru: Huh? You're right. She's gone.
UNSPOKEN: Did Stardust Handshake activate again? I scan the area. There she is, walking casually towards the station. She's already about 50 meters away. I chase after her.
Rintaro: Mayuri, where are you going!?
Mayuri: Okarin! Um, Mayushii was thinking about stopping by Nakano Broadway before going home.
Rintaro: If you're going home, then why didn't you say so?
Mayuri: Ehehe. Sorry. All I could think about was going to Nakano.
Itaru: Mayu-shi's like some kinda ninja. Never noticed she was gone.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri does this a lot. She just wanders off without saying anything. And just like Daru said, you never notice she's gone. So when you turn around to look for her, it's like she vanished into thin air. Stardust Handshake and Sneaking Fade -- why did her powers have to be so annoying?
Rintaro: What business do you have in Nakano, anyway?
Mayuri: Well, a Sorrow Sword doujinshi came out yesterday.
Itaru: Porn?
Mayuri: No, but the illustrator is Kouga Yui-san. Mayushii thinks it's finally time to get serious about costumes again.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Yup!
Itaru: Buy me one too.
Mayuri: Okey dokey♪
Rintaro: What are you guys talking about? If you want doujinshi, why not go to Toranoana? It's right over there.
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Mayuri stare at me blankly.
Mayuri: There, where?
Rintaro: You know, there! Right over--
UNSPOKEN: I follow my pointing finger. Toranoana isn't there.
Rintaro: Wha...?
UNSPOKEN: I rub my eyes and blink several times. It doesn't help. Maybe I'm looking in the wrong place. I check up and down the street, but no, it's nowhere to be found. And what's more, I can't find Animate either. It's supposed to be right next to Toranoana. Instead, I see electronics stores. Daiichi Kaden and T-2ONE Minami. Never seen them before in my life. Wait... I remember Mister Braun saying that Akiba used to have a lot more electronics shops. Many of them closed. I think Daiichi Kaden and T-2ONE Minami were among them.
Rintaro: Where the hell did Toranoana and Animate go!?
Itaru: Have you lost it, man?
Rintaro: Huh?
Mayuri: There aren't any Toranoanas or Animates in Akiba. That's why Mayushii's going to Nakano to buy doujinshi.
Rintaro: What do you mean there aren't any!? They were there yesterday, weren't they!?
UNSPOKEN: What about earlier today? I wasn't really paying attention on the way to Faris's apartment, but I'm pretty sure they were still there.
Itaru: There's no moe stores in Akiba, man. You know that. The holy land of moe is Nakano.
Rintaro: But Akiba is the holy land of moe! The whole world knows that!
Itaru: Has the heat finally gone to your head, Okarin? Akiba is the electric town. If you opened a moe store here, the electronics otaku would riot.
UNSPOKEN: This feeling again! Dissonance. My memories don't match reality. The past has changed. Part of me knows what has happened. But I still can't help but ask.
Rintaro: What about Mandarake?
Mayuri: Nope.
Rintaro: Akiba-o!?
Itaru: Of course there's an Akiba-o.
Rintaro: I mean Akiba-okoku, where they sell doujinshi!
Itaru: The hell's that?
Mayuri: They sell doujinshi at Akiba-o?
Itaru: Of course not. That would be crazy.
Rintaro: Gamers!? Ramutara!?
UNSPOKEN: They shake their heads.
Rintaro: MelonBooks!? Asobit City!?
UNSPOKEN: They look confused. So basically... I swallow hard. I finally understand. It's hard to believe... but I must face the truth.
Rintaro: Chaos has forsaken this place...
UNSPOKEN: Every last store that sold anime, eroge, or moe goods has disappeared from Akiba. In a final desperate attempt to deny reality, I run to MayQueen+Nyan², the maid cafe where Mayuri and Faris work, and which Daru and I frequent. But upon arriving at the storefront, I am forced to my knees in abject defeat.
Rintaro: It's gone...
UNSPOKEN: It's all gone. It's not just the moe stores. Even the maid cafes have disappeared.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: MayQueen? What's that? A potato?
Rintaro: MayQueen+Nyan²!
UNSPOKEN: I ask Daru too, but no reaction.
Mayuri: Mayushii works at Lemoine, remember?
Rintaro: Lemoine? Is that a maid cafe?
Mayuri: It's just a normal coffee shop.
Rintaro: Is there even a single maid cafe in Akiba?
Itaru: Naw man. The people here hate moe businesses. Nobody would go.
UNSPOKEN: It's clear now. This has to be the result of Faris's D-Mail. The Butterfly Effect is at it again. Faris said she had influence over Akiba's development board. They adopted her plan and embraced the moe industry. But by sending a D-Mail to 2000, the worldline has shifted to one where that never happened. Akiba is still electronics all the way. To think that a single mail could rewrite ten years of a town's history. Is it okay to change history on a whim like this? I almost feel guilty about it, but since I'm the only one who remembers the original Akiba, nobody can blame me. And it's not like I can change it back. But still... what in the world did Faris's D-Mail say? The next morning, I go for a stroll through the streets of Akiba. What I discover is that, although the chaotic energy familiar to me has receded, Akiba is still Akiba at its core. The few electronics stores that I used to frequent are still here. In fact, they've multiplied. You can still hear their loud theme songs and the cries of salesmen all the way from the sidewalk. Electronics otaku and PC maniacs walk the streets with unkempt hair, wrinkled clothes, and eyes burning with intense purpose. There are even cheerful foreigners taking in the sights. The maids and young female otaku have disappeared, but the hobbyist essence of the town is unchanged. I admit it's a relief. Yesterday, I heard from Mayuri how we met Faris on this worldline. I was wondering, since MayQueen no longer exists. It was at a small RaiNet tournament at a toy store in Ikebukuro. We went to cheer on Daru, but he dropped out because of a stomachache, so Mayuri and I ended up taking his place. Our opponent was Faris. We got crushed, needless to say, but Mayuri says that Faris was very gracious and gave us advice on how to play. That was the beginning of their beautiful friendship. Our past has changed considerably, yet we still ended up with the same close relationship we had on the last worldline. Fascinating.  Maybe Lady Luck is looking out for us. I've got mail.
Rintaro: What the hell?
UNSPOKEN: Is this a prank? Spam? Why red gelatin? Who's watching me? What's going on here? I spin around, searching the crowd. A few passers-by look at me strangely. I don't care. Something is wrong. Goosebumps break out over my body.
Rintaro: Is it the Organization? SERN?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: It's Sunday. Obon weekend. What are you doing here, lab girls?
Luka: Pardon the intrusion, Okabe-san.
Mayuri: Good morning, Okarin♪
UNSPOKEN: The two cute high school girls wave to me in greeting. By the way, one of these girls is actually a boy. In any case, the sight warms my heart -- or would, if not for a certain assistant who just gives me a bored look before going back to reading.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako are sitting next to each other on the sofa, reading a book together. It looks like a cosplay photo album.
Mayuri: Yesterday I went to Nakano to buy doujinshi, remember? While I was there, I found a photo album of a super cute cosplayer! So I splurged on it♪ Look, Luka-chan! This is a costume of Sedona from Blood Tune. It's so detailed and cute!
Luka: It is!
UNSPOKEN: I see. She's showing it to Lukako as part of his reeducation. To think that he was so reluctant to get involved in cosplay. Looks like Mayuri's persistence has paid off. Actually, judging by his obvious interest in the photo album, maybe he was always interested in cosplay -- just too shy to cosplay himself.
Mayuri: Take a look, Chris-chan! It's amazing!
Kurisu: I'm okay.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu's not interested in the photo album. She just gives a cold hmph. Instead, she's reading a difficult-looking English book. Dammit, this is no time to be showing off your intelligence. You're going to make Mayuri cry if you talk to her like that. Or so I thought, but Mayuri doesn't seem to mind, so I stay out of it.
Mayuri: Wow, look at these swimsuits! So much skin! She's got a great figure, like a gravure idol.
Luka: Must be nice...
Mayuri: Nice? The swimsuits?
Luka: I... don't have that great a figure...
Mayuri: Don't worry, Luka-chan. I'm sure you'll make our big friends breathe hard.
UNSPOKEN: Hey now, Mayuri. What are you saying? It's like you're referring to Daru with that remark.
Mayuri: And um, plenty of people like flat chests. So even if you don't have breasts, you should still have confidence in yourself.
Kurisu: Khmmkhmmkhmm!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts choking on her coffee. I know how she feels. I almost did a spittake with my soda. Mayuri's breasts are huge for her height, so her advice lacks a certain element of persuasion.
Mayuri: I know! Once ComiMa's over, let's all go on a trip to the beach! Mayushii's been making costumes all summer. I haven't had time to play at all. What do you think, guys? A lab mem beach trip!
Luka: Um... all of the lab mems?
Kurisu: I can't go. I have to go back to America soon, and I haven't even started packing yet.
Rintaro: Yes, I can see you're in a rush. I bet you don't even have time to lounge around and read.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Fine, I'll be blunt. There's no way I'm swimming with two perverts like you! If it's just the girl members, I'll happily go.
Rintaro: Hmph. Be honest, Christina. You just don't want me to see the Mongolian Spot on your butt!
Kurisu: I don't have a Mongolian Spot!
Rintaro: Anyway, if it's just the girl members, then doesn't that rule out Lukako?
Kurisu: What's that supposed to mean?
Rintaro: Didn't we tell you earlier? Lukako is a bonafide guy!
UNSPOKEN: My declaration of the truth... Freezes the air instantly. ...Huh? There's something off about their reaction.
Kurisu: You're the worst. Where do you get off calling her a guy?
Mayuri: Yeah, Okarin. That's a terrible thing to say.
UNSPOKEN: Even Mayuri condemns me. Lukako, meanwhile, turns pale and hangs his head so I can't see his face. Is he... crying? Normally, he'd get depressed and say something about how embarrassed he'd be to wear a swimsuit, but he wouldn't start crying...
Rintaro: Christina. I understand your desire to deny the truth. It's difficult to imagine that a guy could ever be so cute, but--
Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's advances on me with a stern glare.
Kurisu: If you want to give me stupid nicknames, that's fine -- I mean, it's not, but... What you said just now is below the belt. I didn't take you for the kind of guy who thinks it's funny to hurt people's feelings, but I guess I was wrong. You're a real jerk, Okabe.
Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this tongue-lashing?
Kurisu: Apologize. Apologize to Urushibara-san right now.
Rintaro: Wait a second. I don't have to apologize for anything. I just said the tru--
Luka: It's okay.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako gets up from the sofa. His head is still hanging, and his voice is barely audible.
Luka: So that's how Okabe-san sees me...
Rintaro: No no no! That's not how I see you, Lukako. You're a guy, remember!? Or are you denying reality too!?
Kurisu: You're the one denying reality!
Mayuri: That's right! Luka-chan's a girl, Okarin. You're terrible.
Rintaro: Mayuri, when did you start calling Lukako 'Luka-chan' instead of 'Luka-kun'?
Kurisu: Cut it out already, Okabe! She's a girl!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri nods in agreement. Uh... huh? What's going on here? Is this some kind of prank?
Luka: I'm going home!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako tries to slip by me out of the lab. I grab his hand to stop him from leaving.
Rintaro: Hold it, Lukako! You can't fool me! You're as much a man as I am! And I know how to prove it!
UNSPOKEN: I pin Lukako's arms and reach for his package. Let's see what you're hiding... down... Nothing.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: ah...
Kurisu: You...
Mayuri: Awawa...
Rintaro: Ohhhh? Huh? What? Why?
UNSPOKEN: I feel around some more.
Luka: Ugh, no, don't... Okabe-san, please... stop... sniff.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing. Nada. It should be there. I mean, he's a guy... isn't he? An electric current runs through my brain. No way... Yes way. So that's what happened!
Rintaro: Lukako, you...
UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail that I thought had failed... Was actually a success!
Rintaro: You're a girl!?
Kurisu: That's what we've been saying!
UNSPOKEN: A half-second later, Kurisu cracks me over the head with her heavy textbook.
Luka: hic... ugg... egh...
UNSPOKEN: When my vision clears, Lukako is crying. Mayuri is rubbing her back comfortingly. Kurisu, meanwhile, is glaring down at me like I'm something she scraped off the bottom of her shoe. Daru, who arrived a moment ago, is in the corner, trying not to laugh. Honestly, I can't blame him.  Righteous High School Girl Makes Perverted College Guy Beg for Forgiveness If I had to put a title to this scene, that's what it would be. The top of my head is throbbing. Most likely because Kurisu wiped out a hundred million of my precious neurons, envied by scientists the world over. I put a moist towel to my head.
Kurisu: I want to vivisect your skull and remove your brain for a good washing. Then I'll submerge it in culture fluid so you can never do anything like that again! Anyway, just be thankful I haven't reported you to the police.
Rintaro: Yes ma'am. I'm sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Man, that was dumb. I didn't think it would be gone. Lukako has become a girl. Her face hasn't changed, and she's flat as a board, but she's definitely a girl. There's no denying what my hand didn't feel. I guess that ridiculous superstition was true. If you eat vegetables, you'll have a girl. Does this count as a scientific breakthrough? Anyway, I'd better apologize to Lukako. I hope she doesn't get PTSD because some pervert (me) groped her. I mean, she's a 17-year-old girl now, and she was shy to begin with. I'll need to be as gentle as humanly possible from now on. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if she never spoke to me again. I have no one but myself to blame. I'll just have to accept the consequences.
Kurisu: Anyway, what in the hell made you think that Urushibara-san was a boy?
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... as I already explained, we changed the past. Lukako was a guy, but he wanted to be a girl, so we sent a D-Mail to make his wish come true. And it worked! I knew the worldline had changed. My magic eye, Reading Steiner, saw the shift in time. But I chose to believe my mundane senses instead. I should have had more faith in my powers! I won't make that mistake again.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Want some more?
Rintaro: I'm telling the truth. You have to believe me! I can explain this phenomenon logically. When we sent the D-Mail, we changed the past, and all of history changed as a result. My brain perceived that change!
UNSPOKEN: I leap to my feet, overcome with excitement.
Rintaro: Out of all mankind, I alone can perceive changes in causality! I am this world's observer!
UNSPOKEN: I look around, expecting to see awe on their faces.
Kurisu: Sit down before I hit you again.
UNSPOKEN: I do as I'm told.
Rintaro: Don't you understand? I'm the observer, the one who opens the box holding Schrodinger's cat.
Mayuri: Shredding Gar?
Itaru: Schrodinger's cat again? The Japanese can't get enough of that cat.
Kurisu: You're Japanese too.
Itaru: I've had enough Schrodinger, thanks. I do admit that kittehs are cute, though.
Rintaro: Gh...
UNSPOKEN: Daru's absolutely right. Whenever an anime wants to use quantum mechanics, the characters always talk about Schrodinger's Cat.
Rintaro: Anyway, my magic eye has the power to perceive changes in the worldline. This power is called Reading Steiner, as I've explained.
Kurisu: And I told you that that name was stupid, remember? It's Engrish, like something from a kid's manga. Not to mention it's a grammatical mess, and there's also the fact that it's half German, so no consistency there either. It's stupid. The same goes for that 'Steins Gate' thing you're always talking about.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... looks like you've still got that Mongolian Spot on your butt. Eh, Christina? Names are all about feeling! My creativity, comparable to the great Da Vinci himself, cannot be held by the shackles of grammar! Muhah--
UNSPOKEN: She hits me again. I'm seeing stars.
Kurisu: Show a little remorse, huh?
Rintaro: I'm sorry...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is still crying. As punishment, I spend the next thirty minutes on my knees under Kurisu's watchful eye. If I slouch for a second, I get the corner of her book. I'd accept being told Die, Pervert if it were coming from Lukako. But why the hell is Kurisu butting in? I didn't do anything to her. Does she think she's one of those class president characters? Anyway, I flee the lab as soon as my punishment is over. The silent pressure from the girls is just too much to bear. I step into the sun and stretch. My legs are numb from the kneeling, so I can barely stand straight. At that moment, the Braun Tube Workshop door opens, and out comes Part-Time Warrior. Our eyes meet.
Suzuha: ...Sup.
UNSPOKEN: She's less energetic than usual.
Suzuha: Why are you so wobbly?
Rintaro: It's... a new exercise.
Suzuha: Huh. Never heard of it.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha answers listlessly as she sits down on the bench. When she aimlessly gazes skyward, I follow suit. Huge clouds are slowly swallowing the blue. A helicopter flies overhead. I can hear its propellers slicing the air.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Really?
UNSPOKEN: But it's so damn hot. How can you exercise on a day like this? I'd rather drink hot coffee in a well air-conditioned room while browsing the net. Now that's a luxurious way to spend summer break. If only the lab had air conditioning.
Suzuha: Hey, up for a little cycling?
UNSPOKEN: Seriously? She has to be joking.
Rintaro: Your bike only has one seat.
Suzuha: One of us can sit on the back.
Rintaro: Don't you have work to do?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha pops into the store. She's back in less than a minute.
Suzuha: I got permission. It's not like we'll have customers anyway.
UNSPOKEN: I try to think of an excuse to refuse, but nothing comes.
Rintaro: Huff... huff... I am a mad scientist... not a mad... cyclist... Huff... huff... so why... am I... doing the pedaling?
Suzuha: Long ago, Aristotle said, 'time is just the measure of motion.' So put those pedals in motion.
UNSPOKEN: That doesn't make sense... I'm exhausted. We barely made it to the station. I'd die if I went another block. This was a terrible idea. I should have known better. I get off the bicycle and sit against the station wall. Suzuha sets the bike against the wall and crouches next to me. Sitting on the ground is undignified for a man of my stature, but no matter. I just need a few moments to catch my breath. I watch the crowds of people move past. Nearly all of them are men. Here and there, I see people carrying large boxes, most likely PC parts or appliances. There isn't an anime poster in sight. When Akiba changed, so did the people who visited it. This atmosphere... It's kind of... retro. It's the Akiba I've only seen in pictures. Akiba at the end of the 20th century. The Electric Town in its purest form. It has risen from the ashes of the past. And the only one who knows it... is me.
Suzuha: You know...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha murmurs.
Suzuha: It's only been ten days since I arrived in Tokyo.
UNSPOKEN: Huh. I didn't know that.
Rintaro: Vacation? No... that can't be right.
Suzuha: I'm hunting for my father.
UNSPOKEN: That's a strange way to put it.
Rintaro: Did he run away?
UNSPOKEN: I meant it as a joke, but Suzuha looks so serious. I hope I didn't screw up again.
Suzuha: I haven't seen him in years. But I know he's in this town.
Rintaro: Oh... but then why are you working downstairs?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha works at the Braun Tube Workshop from 11 AM to 7 PM every day. I doubt that leaves much time to search.
Suzuha: Honestly, I don't have a clue where to begin.
Rintaro: Have you talked to the police?
Suzuha: ...No.
Rintaro: Then shouldn't you? Or you could hire a private investigator or something, if you have money.
Suzuha: I don't have the resources. And besides, there are... issues.
UNSPOKEN: Issues...
Suzuha: I only have one chance. And that chance is tomorrow. I know that tomorrow, he might appear in a certain place.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: If I miss that chance, then I'll have to leave.
Rintaro: By leave, you mean go back home?
Suzuha: Not exactly. I have a parallel, priority engagement.
UNSPOKEN: What?
Suzuha: I've already made up my mind. I don't find him tomorrow, I'll give up.
Rintaro: You're worried, aren't you? I understand that feeling. You're alone, searching for your father in an unfamiliar town. It can't be easy. You hoped that talking to someone would help. That's why you sought out the most reliable person around -- me. Alas, Part-Time Warrior, you have made a grave mistake. For I am the insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma!
Suzuha: Uh...
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... you shall be my next guinea pig!
Suzuha: Guinea pig?
Rintaro: You know what I'm talking about. D-Mail, the greatest discovery in the history of science!
UNSPOKEN: I've already explained D-Mail to Suzuha before.
Rintaro: You shall be the subject of our next experiment. Heh heh heh.
Suzuha: Wh-what are you gonna do?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha takes a step back. She finally realizes the danger she's in.
Rintaro: Do? Simple. I need more data, and I'll do anything to obtain it. You're going to change the past. You can change it however you like, but only I will know the difference! If you think that's cruel, then do as you please. But know that you are already caught in my web. You cannot escape. Fear not! I know exactly what you should write in your D-Mail. Heh heh heh... listen well. You're going to send this to your father before he disappeared. 'Don't abandon your daughter.' Muhahahaha!
Suzuha: ...You're a nice guy. You know that?
Rintaro: Wh...at?
Suzuha: I think talking to you really did help.
Rintaro: Are you trying to insult me? I am not a nice guy. I am a mad scientist who experiments on women and children! Now tell me your father's email address! If you don't... Then I shall unleash the power of my right arm! Once it's unsealed, not even I can control it. You may not survive. Consider yourself warned.
Suzuha: Sorry. I can't.
Rintaro: You dare defy me!?
Suzuha: I don't know his email address or his phone number.
Rintaro: ...Oh.
UNSPOKEN: Well, that's a letdown.
Suzuha: That's why tomorrow's my only chance. Thanks for caring, though.
Rintaro: I don't care. I'm just disappointed I couldn't experiment on you.
Suzuha: Anyway, you can send mail to the past? That's amazing! The first time machine ever!
Rintaro: Hmph, of course it's amazing. I am Hououin Kyouma!
Suzuha: Any plans to upgrade it?
Rintaro: Upgrade it?
Suzuha: You know, like sending people to the past or something.
Rintaro: We're working on it.
UNSPOKEN: No good ideas yet, though.
Suzuha: Then let me give you one word of advice. You should leave Makise Kurisu out of it.
Rintaro: What do you have against her, anyway?
Suzuha: Welp. Better get back to the workshop. I only got a 30-minute break. I'll get in trouble if I don't get back soon.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Come to the lab tomorrow, whether you meet your father or not.
Suzuha: Why?
Rintaro: So I can use your grief to power my time machine. Heh heh heh!
Suzuha: Ahaha! You really are a mad scientist. So eeeevil! If I meet my father, I'll stop by. Then we can do a gun salute!
UNSPOKEN: She laughs happily. Then she starts pedaling...
Rintaro: Hey, wait! Let me on! Hey!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha doesn't wait, leaving me with no choice but to run back to the lab.
Rintaro: I shall now brief you on Operation Eldhrimnir.
UNSPOKEN: The only lab mems here today are Mayuri, Kurisu, and Lukako. I couldn't get ahold of Faris or Moeka. They must be busy. Daru, meanwhile, gave me some crap about having things to do. I was prepared for Lukako to refuse my invitation, but since she's here, I guess she's forgiven me -- for now, at least.
Rintaro: I want you guys to get ready for a party.
UNSPOKEN: I've already explained to the lab mems what Suzuha told me yesterday.
Kurisu: And what are you going to do?
Rintaro: Me? I'm going to follow that Part-Time Warrior and report back as the situation changes.
Kurisu: Don't you dare. Let her be alone with her father.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. You shouldn't be so quick to reject my plans, Christina. You don't understand the intricacies of the human psyche. Now that you've rejected my plan, there's no way I'm not going through with it! You have underestimated my pride!
Kurisu: Get over yourself.
Rintaro: Besides, Christina, you and she are enemies, are you not? You protect her from me while plotting her demise? That makes you a hypocrite!
Kurisu: You just don't have standards, that's all.
Mayuri: She's right. I don't think you should bother her, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Even during the strategy meeting, Mayuri keeps working on her costume. Lukako hasn't agreed to wear it yet, but Mayuri's enthusiasm remains strong.
Mayuri: No matter what happens, we need to give her a waaaarm welcome. I'll do anything to help make this party super special.
Luka: Um, actually, I haven't met this Suzuha-san...
Mayuri: Suzu-san's really nice. I'm sure you'll get along with her too!
Kurisu: Nice?
Rintaro: Anyway, I'm going to tail her now. You guys--
Kurisu: No! Get it through your thick skull!
Rintaro: Dammit, assistant! How dare you give me orders!?
UNSPOKEN: In the end, I can't get permission to tail Suzuha.
Kurisu: Don't even think about running off somewhere.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is forcing me to help her with the shopping. There's no way out. Dammit... Kurisu really is turning into a class president character. At this rate, she might take over the lab. Wait. Could this be what Suzuha was warning me about? ...Nah.
Kurisu: Anyway...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu scratches her cheek in what could be taken for a bashful gesture.
Kurisu: I hope Amane-san finds her father.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: That would be... nice.
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, she has father issues too, doesn't she? Maybe she sympathizes with Suzuha.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu starts fidgeting for some reason.
Kurisu: I'm sorry about before.
Rintaro: Before?
Kurisu: When I hit you with my book. I thought you were just being a pervert. But when I thought about it later, I realized that you were being completely serious. But I acted on impulse, without even considering what you had to say.
Rintaro: Forget it. Regardless of my intentions, the fact of the matter is that I made Lukako cry.
Kurisu: Just to make sure, you're not a perverted scumbag, are you?
Rintaro: Make sure, my ass! Are you trying to apologize or what!?
Kurisu: I just don't want to you to use science as an excuse to be a pervert. Not while I'm helping, at least.
Rintaro: What do you take me for? My friends are precious to me. I may be an insane mad scientist with an IQ of 170, but even I have my limits. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) wouldn't have come this far without you and Daru at my side.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: I am Lab Mem 001, the founder of the lab. If my friends are in danger, I'll rush to their aid. And I would tear my own limbs off before I knowingly brought harm to any of you.
Kurisu: Pff...
Rintaro: What's so funny?
Kurisu: That has to be the cheesiest thing you've ever said.
Rintaro: Hmph...
Kurisu: Still, it's nice to hear. The research institute I work at in America is full of talented people from all over the world... but it's not a friendly place. Everyone thinks he or she is the best. You think you have an ego? Over there, scientists hurl insults at each other on a daily basis. Sometimes they even sabotage each other's work. When my thesis was chosen to represent the lab, many of the older men complained. And when I came back here as a kind of reverse exchange student, my classmates were all too afraid to talk to me. Compared to that, your lab is childish... but comfortable.
UNSPOKEN: ...Seems like everyone has their own problems.
Kurisu: You're really concerned about Amane-san, aren't you? That part of you, I can respect. B-but I'm not praising you, okay?
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly blushes for some reason.
Kurisu: I just... you know... thought you should know...
Rintaro: Maybe I...
Kurisu: Eh?
Rintaro: Maybe all I ever wanted was friends.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: There aren't many people I can trust...
UNSPOKEN: After all, I am an insane mad scientist wanted the world over. My enemies are everywhere waiting to strike! Curse this incredible genius brain of mine! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: I, um... think of you as a friend too.
Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: You said I was your friend, remember? You said I was important to you. That made me really... happy, I guess.
Rintaro: Do you have a fever?
Kurisu: No! What the hell!? Here I am trying to find something decent about you, and you... I don't care anymore, stupid! You're really... stupid.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Huh? Over there, isn't that...
UNSPOKEN: I follow Kurisu's finger to see Daru emerge from Yodobashi Camera.
Rintaro: Found you, Daru!
Itaru: Huh? Ah--
UNSPOKEN: I grab his collar to stop him from escaping.
Rintaro: Why didn't you respond to my summons?
Itaru: Like I said, I've got something to do.
Rintaro: Which is?
Itaru: An offline meet...
Rintaro: Inexcusable.
Itaru: Wait, just listen a sec--
Rintaro: Your offline meet, or a party with food handmade by our very own lab girls. Choose one.
Itaru: Handmade... by girls? O-one question. Will Faris-tan be there?
UNSPOKEN: Before Kurisu can answer that, I whisper to Daru.
Rintaro: Naturally. Faris is a lab mem too. Heh heh heh.
Itaru: Dammit! Why do they have to be on the same day!? Can't it wait until tomorrow?
Rintaro: What will it be? The time to choose is now.
Itaru: I want to eat Faris-tan's home cooking...
Rintaro: If you give up the offline meet, then that settles it.
Itaru: I give up. I give up the offline meeeet!
UNSPOKEN: Daru surrenders all too quickly. When we return to the lab, Mayuri and Lukako are already starting preparations.
Mayuri: Huh? Daru-kun's here too?
Itaru: What about Faris-tan? Where is she?
Kurisu: You've been tricked.
Mayuri: Feris-chan said she couldn't come.
Itaru: Wait, seriously!? Okarin! What's going on here!? This isn't funny, man!
Rintaro: Don't worry. I'll make sure she comes to the next one.
Itaru: You've gotta be kidding me! I was looking forward to that time machine meet...
Kurisu: Time machine meet? What's that?
Itaru: It's an offline meet for this sci-fi BBS I post on. Some famous writers are going to be there. I won't forgive you, Okarin. Ever.
Rintaro: What? Why didn't you say so? I would've gone too!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, I smell something strange.
Rintaro: ...Does anyone else smell that?
Kurisu: Smell what?
Rintaro: Did we blow a fuse somewhere?
Luka: S-sorry...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's apologizing for something.
Luka: That's probably the smell of... Mayuri's cooking...
UNSPOKEN: ...What? This is the smell of food!?
Kurisu: I'll help too.
Luka: Okay, then warm these eggs please.
Kurisu: Hm. Should I use the PhoneWave?
Luka: N-no! If you put raw eggs in a microwave, they'll explode!
Kurisu: We took the door off. It should be fine, right?
Mayuri: Chop, chop, choppity chop, chop, chop, choppity...
Luka: M-Mayuri-chan! Don't hold your knife like that!
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is going on here? Daru and I exchange glances.
Rintaro: Maybe we should help too. Or at least kick them out of the kitchen?
Itaru: Won't it end up the same either way?
Rintaro: I'm getting dizzy. This isn't the future I was hoping for.
Itaru: You're telling me. I'll never forget this, Okarin. Never.
Rintaro: I'm sorry. Truly. But please, Daru, stay with me to the end.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: It only gets worse. The smoke grows thicker by the second, filling my lungs with ash and tar. In less than an hour, the girls have transformed the lab into a class five disaster zone! I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. Looks like the Evil One is free. If you haven't heard from me in an hour... tell my parents I love them.
Itaru: Okarin, that's a death flag...
Rintaro: Is this the choice of Steins Gate? El Psy Kongroo...
UNSPOKEN: After the storm has passed...
Itaru: Hwahhhh...
Rintaro: ...She's late.
UNSPOKEN: The sun has already set. The food lined up on the table -- none of it looking particularly appetizing -- has already grown cold. I open my phone to check the time. It's getting late. The high school girls will need to head back soon. Was Suzuha able to meet her father? If so, they might have a lot to talk about.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: There's only one word in Suzuha's email. Does that mean she didn't meet her father!? And now she plans to leave town alone!?
Rintaro: Hououin Kyouma will never accept that! She will be my guinea pig whether she likes it or not!
UNSPOKEN: I fly out of the lab. I don't know where Suzuha is. All I can do for now is go to the station. If she's going to leave town, she should be using public transportation. If she's using the Hibiya Line on the other side of the station, then I've struck out. But if she's going to take the bullet train from Tokyo or Ueno, then she'll have to pass through here. I carefully scan the thinning crowd around Akiba Station. Where is she? After about thirty minutes of watching the crowd, I spot something.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: My gaze focuses on a person walking in from the main street. It's Suzuha, shuffling along with her head bowed. As she gets closer, I can see that she's wiping her eyes. Is she crying? I don't see anyone walking with her. I guess she couldn't find her father after all.
Rintaro: You there! Part-Time Warrior!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks up in surprise. I see the tracks of tears on her face. Just as our eyes are about to meet, Suzuha looks away. And then she turns and runs out of the station.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I give chase, ignoring the stares of passers-by. ...She's gone. Dammit! Where did she... Hold on a second. Why am I chasing her? Do I have some kind of urge to chase things that run away? That's stupid. I'm not a dog! Shouldn't I just leave her be? It's not like we're that close, right?
Suzuha: ...You're a nice guy. You know that? I think talking to you really did help.
UNSPOKEN: But Suzuha is all alone in this town. What if I was the only one she could talk to about her father? I know she's hurting. She needs my help. Shouldn't I do everything in my power?
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: Just now, I think I saw someone who looked like Suzuha. But the run from the station has left me exhausted. I drop to my knees, gasping for breath. My sides ache. I can't take another step. Even after searching the entire area around the station, I couldn't find Suzuha. I guess this, too, is the choice of Steins Gate. As I rest, I look up at the night sky. The satellite remains buried in Radi-Kan's wall. I wipe the sweat off my brow and head back to the lab.
Mayuri: Okarin! Did you find Suzu-san?
UNSPOKEN: Everyone's still there when I return.
Rintaro: It's late. Go home, everyone.
Luka: But...
Kurisu: Tell us what happened.
Itaru: Yeah. Keep us in the loop, man.
Rintaro: Suzuha ran away from me. I guess she couldn't find her father.
Mayuri: Oh...
UNSPOKEN: A gloomy silence falls. I can see the sadness on everyone's face.
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh...
UNSPOKEN: I begin to laugh.
Rintaro: MUHAHAHAHA!
Luka: O-Okabe-san? What's wrong? Are you okay?
Kurisu: His brain is probably oxygen-starved from too much running.
Itaru: Okarin... chill.
Rintaro: Heh, look at you all! Why the long faces, friends!? Have you forgotten? We have just the thing for moments like these!
UNSPOKEN: I thrust my finger at the curtain to the development room.
Kurisu: You're going to send a D-Mail?
Itaru: But the discharge phenomenon won't occur this late, will it?
Rintaro: Then we'll send it tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: D-Mails leap through time. It matters not when we send it, but when it is received.
Mayuri: Who are you sending it to?
Rintaro: To myself this afternoon. The message...
UNSPOKEN: I smile triumphantly.
Rintaro: Don't listen to Christina. Pursue Suzuha!'
UNSPOKEN: If I do that, there's no way I can fail. And then, we can have Suzuha as a test subject! I suddenly hear the sound of rain. I look outside the window and see that rain has started to fall. As Daru predicted, the discharge phenomenon does not occur. It looks like we'll have to wait until tomorrow. The rain grows stronger over time, eventually becoming a thunderstorm. The next day, there isn't a cloud in the sky. It's hard to believe it rained all night. I keep checking the Braun Tube Workshop through the window, but the morning passes without any sign of Suzuha. She's probably long gone from Akiba by now. Heh heh heh... she doesn't know who she's dealing with. She is but a pawn in my game, destined to fight for me at Ragnarok. At the stroke of noon, I activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The destination is my phone, yesterday around 4 PM. The discharge phenomenon occurs as normal. The floor shakes violently. Squinting against the glare, I send the mail. My brain shakes violently. My vision flickers. As the vertigo passes, I can hear my heartbeat and feel the warm blood coursing through my body. I blink slowly. That was the sensation of Reading Steiner activating. And so I know. Suzuha is ours. I hurry down the stairs. I step outside and look to the front of the building. What belongs there has returned. A mountain bike polished to a shining finish. And on the bench next to it, looking up into the summer sky, is... Amane Suzuha.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I try to remain calm as I call out to her.
Suzuha: Sup.
UNSPOKEN: She greets me in her usual listless fashion.
Rintaro: Slacking off?
Suzuha: It's not like anyone's gonna come. And besides, I was up all night partying. I'm really tired.
Rintaro: You were partying? With who?
Suzuha: Were you drinking, Okabe Rintaro? Big no-no. You're only eighteen.
UNSPOKEN: We have shifted from a worldline where we failed to stop Suzuha from leaving to one where we succeeded. As a result, the events of yesterday changed.
Rintaro: You couldn't find your father, so we held the 'Last Supper' to make you a test subject. Correct?
Suzuha: Ahaha! Yeah, I remember you saying something like that. Thanks for all your help yesterday.
Rintaro: ...My memory's a bit fuzzy. Remind me again how we captured you.
Suzuha: Wait, were you really drinking last night?
Rintaro: Just tell me.
Suzuha: Well, I was on my way home from the time machine meet when--
Rintaro: Woah, wait a second. Time machine meet!?
Suzuha: Yup.
UNSPOKEN: That's the same offline meet that Daru was going to...
Rintaro: Was that where your father was supposed to appear?
Suzuha: I said so yesterday, didn't I?
Rintaro: So you were going home, and then?
Suzuha: You, Hashida Itaru, and Shiina Mayuri appeared out of nowhere. You brought me to the lab, and we partied all night long.
UNSPOKEN: So my pursuit of Suzuha was a resounding success. I can't help but smile at how smoothly things went. Suzuha, meanwhile, looks back up at the clear blue sky.
Suzuha: Yesterday sure was fun...
UNSPOKEN: Her tone is sincere.
Suzuha: It would've been more fun if not for Makise Kurisu. The apple pie she made was deadly. But Urushibara Luka's curry was awesome. Your lab seems kinda like... umm... like a clubhouse? It's nice. Everyone gets along, and you're always smiling... I've never had so much fun in my life.
UNSPOKEN: Hmm. It sounds like Suzuha had a pretty dark childhood. Maybe she was bullied in school. Could that be related to her father's disappearance?
Rintaro: Part-Time Warrior. As promised, you are now my test subject.
Suzuha: But I already told you. I don't know his email address.
Rintaro: Then we'll have to postpone the experiment until you find out. By the way, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) used in the experiment is our lab's greatest secret. You must become a lab mem to guarantee your silence.
Suzuha: Lab mem?
Rintaro: Short for laboratory member. When you become a lab mem, you become one of us.
Suzuha: ...Can I really join?
Rintaro: You don't have a choice in the matter! From this day forth, you are Lab Mem 008!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha lowers her head, no doubt awed by my proclamation. I hear what sounds like a sniffle. Then she looks up, revealing a smile.
Suzuha: I guess I don't have a choice, huh? I'm all yours.
Rintaro: ...You're not going to leave?
Suzuha: Nope. Maybe there's still a chance to find my dad.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha hesitates a little. Then she stands up and turns to me. Her expression is grave.
Suzuha: My father calls himself Titor.
Rintaro: Wait, Titor? As in that Titor!?
Suzuha: You know about him? He might be using a different codename, though.
UNSPOKEN: I don't just know about him. He's been active on @channel for the past several weeks! I open the @channel thread on my phone and show it to Suzuha.
Rintaro: Look! There's someone posting named John Titor!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha stares at the screen.
Rintaro: This solves the puzzle! Your father is on @channel!
Suzuha: Huh... you're right.
Rintaro: Hey. Shouldn't you be more surprised?
Suzuha: Well... it's not him.
Rintaro: How do you know? You just said your father calls himself Titor!
Suzuha: I can tell. This Titor isn't my dad.
UNSPOKEN: That's a strange way to put it. It's almost like she knows who's behind John Titor. As if to answer my suspicions, Suzuha continues.
Suzuha: His name's not John. The name my father used was... Barrel Titor.
UNSPOKEN: I open my eyes to a deep scarlet sky. I'm on my back, lying face up. The sky is vast, and the color ominous. I've never seen it like this before. Where am I? I sit up. There is nothing here. A wasteland stretches to the horizon, nothing but rocks and dust as far as the eye can see. No plants. No water. No sun. No moon. No warmth. No cold. Not a single breath of wind. It looks like hell. A frozen world. It can't be Earth. Mars, I could believe. Why am I here? This must be a dream. I give up thinking about it and lie down again on the sand. I guess I'll wake up soon. I should just wait until then. I wait... but the dream shows no sign of ending. Have I ever had a dream this lucid before? There's a terrible ringing in my ears that keeps me awake. I realize that it's the sound of silence. My belongings are gone. I have no watch, no phone. The lack of motion numbs my sense of time. How long have I been lying here? It might have been only a second. It might have been three days. An epiphany. The concept of time is a human construct. The universe at large has no use for it. Time is a cage that we created to feel secure. Within its walls, we can forget our own insignificance. I'm thirsty. It hurts to breathe. This void is no place for a human. We're not strong enough to live in a world without time. Tears fill my eyes. What do they mean? I no longer know. I want to die. Yes, let's die. But what is death? To be frozen in time? Time stopped for me long ago. How can I die in a world that is already dead? Everything inside me is crumbling away. Who am I? I can barely recall. My soul is melting into the void. Is someone there? Anyone? Something moves in the corner of my eye. Impossible. I try to move my eyes, but I've forgotten how. A pleasant voice silences the buzzing in my ears. It reminds me who I am. Okabe Rintaro. This time, my eyes move. There's a girl sitting on a nearby rock. I recognize her. My frozen brain comes alive. Her presence breathes new life into this dead world. Mayuri? My brain is still half asleep, and I cannot speak. It's Mayuri. Shiina Mayuri. My oldest friend. She smiles at me, swinging her legs.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: This is a dream, right?
Mayuri: Mayushii went looking for you, and found Okarins from many, maaaany worldlines. You're one of many Okarins, and also the original. Mayushii is one of many Mayushiis, and also the original. And now, Okarin and Mayushii are going to die here.
UNSPOKEN: This is a dream... right, Mayuri?
Mayuri: But... I know that another Okarin and Mayushii will pick up where we left off, 70 million years in the future. So everything's A-OK♪
Rintaro: This... is a dream! Guh!
UNSPOKEN: I jerk awake on top of the sofa. My body is drenched in sweat.
Rintaro: ...It was a dream.
UNSPOKEN: I must have fallen asleep some time around noon. What a horrible nightmare. I guess that threatening email I got is still weighing on my mind. Still, Mayuri had to save me? Even in a dream, that's unacceptable. I'm the one who saves her. That's the way it should be. Besides, Mayuri's not smart enough to talk about time travel like that.  I sit up and look around the room. She's right where I expect to find her. In front of the TV, watching a RaiNet Kakeru DVD. On the screen, the Upa riding Kakeru's shoulder is screaming something unintelligible.
Mayuri: I wish I had an Upa...
UNSPOKEN: Look at her sitting there all spaced out. Mayuri needs my protection. That dream was wrong. I chug a Dr P and check my phone. No new emails. I sent Titor a mail several hours ago, just to make sure that he really isn't Suzuha's father. He hasn't replied yet. Obviously, Daru and the others don't know that I changed the past. Instead, they remember partying with Suzuha all night long. It was strange listening to them talk happily about an event I attended, but do not remember. ...Wait, is that my phone ringing? Ugh... One look at the name makes me want to groan. It's Faris. I've said it a thousand times, but I'm just not good with that catgirl. She always ties me into knots. My instincts tell me not to pick up.
Rintaro: This is Hououin Kyouma.
Faris: Nyaon♪ It's Faris, nyan.
Rintaro: Oh, it's you, Akiha Rumiho.
Faris: Nya? Who's that, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Hm? I could've sworn her real name was Akiha Rumiho. Don't tell me... Could the D-Mail have changed that too?
Faris: Faris is Faris, nya. I don't have any other names, nya.
Rintaro: Yeah, right. Your True Name is Faris. My apologies.
UNSPOKEN: Of course. She's just being her usual self.
Rintaro: Well, what is it?
UNSPOKEN: If Faris is calling me, it might be about the IBN 5100. She did promise to help us find one.
Faris: You've been too conspicuous, nya. The cat's outta the bag, and now you're trapped, nya.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: More of Faris's usual nonsense?
Faris: The Four Guardian Kings have awakened, nya. There's no escape, nyan.
Rintaro: Heh. Is that so? If you think the Four Guardian Kings can stop me, just wait and see. Akiba will be drowning in blood before nightfall.
Faris: After the Four Guardian Kings are the Four Guardian Queens, nya. After that, it's the Eight Devils, and then the Black Angel Twelve, nya.
Rintaro: Th-that many!? What's going on in this town...
Faris: You've really stirred up a hornet's nest, nya. I'm sorry, Kyouma, but this is checkmate, nyan.
Rintaro: No, it's not over yet. If I can just acquire the item, I can turn the tide! Have you still not located an IBN 5100!?
Faris: Sorry, nya. I have agents looking all over the world, but still no luck, nya.
UNSPOKEN: What, so she has no progress to report?
Rintaro: Please hurry. I'm running out of time.
Faris: Okay, nya! I'll tell you as soon as I find one, Kyouma. Until then... hold on to your nine lives, nyan.
Rintaro: Yeah, I can't die yet... El Psy Ko--
UNSPOKEN: She hung up before I could finish. Dammit. That's why I hate talking to Faris. Anyway, moving on. Even though I think I should answer it, my hand refuses to move. My phone eventually goes silent. I wipe the sweat off my brow in relief. A second later, Mayuri's phone starts ringing.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here. Ah, Feris-chan. Good mornyan♪
UNSPOKEN: I twitch when I hear that name. Mayuri looks at me.
Mayuri: Kyouma? Oh, you mean Okarin? Yup, he's here. Wanna talk to him?
UNSPOKEN: I make an X with my arms and shake my head. Faris is the last person I want to talk to now.
Mayuri: Hmm? Um, it looks like he can't talk. ...yup. ...mmhmm. Ok, I'll tell him. Byebye♪
UNSPOKEN: I stride up to Mayuri once she hangs up.
Rintaro: Well done, Mayuri. You'll make a fine assistant yet. What did Faris want?
Mayuri: Well, she said that the Four Guardian Kings have assembled in Akiba, so be careful.
UNSPOKEN: Who are the Four Guardian Kings? No, there's no need to worry about it. It's just Faris's usual nonsense.
Rintaro: Don't tell me that's all she said?
Mayuri: Um, she also hasn't found an IBN 5100 yet. She said if she does find one, she'll contact you nyan.
UNSPOKEN: I see... This time around, my search for an IBN 5100 is going poorly.  ...Actually, I suppose I should consider myself lucky for having found one so easily the first time. I mean, the IBN 5100 is practically an urban legend. There are people, like Moeka, who've spent months searching with no success. Last time, it barely took me three days to reach Yanabayashi Shrine, almost as if something was guiding me there. It was fate... no, it was the choice of Steins Gate. That's why its loss is so painful.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru is sitting at his computer, like always.
Itaru: I read on @channel that some collectors will pay millions of yen to buy one. IBN 5100s are serious business, man.
Rintaro: If they have that high a premium...
UNSPOKEN: Then people must know their secret. They're all after the data in SERN's mainframe!
Itaru: I don't get it. How come they're so expensive? I mean, I guess they were pretty expensive to begin with. Looks like one cost about $20, 000 back in the day.
UNSPOKEN: $20, 000... that is expensive.
Itaru: Anyway, I can't believe it's so hard to find one. Sure it was a nice machine for its time, but only for its time. You'd have to be crazy to want one now. Maybe it's one guy buying them all up.
UNSPOKEN: The harder something is to obtain, the stronger the desire for it becomes. That's how people are. And that's exactly how I feel now. In the depths of SERN, completely isolated from the outside, lies a database coded with an IBN 5100. What secrets are sleeping there? Could it contain the data from SERN's time machine research? Could there be proof that the Committee of 300 exists? The desire to know grows stronger by the day. It's not just about plunging the world into chaos anymore. We need the power to oppose SERN's evil ambitions. And then there's that threatening email to consider. Daru is confident that SERN won't find us, but I can't afford to take that for granted. After all, we're up against the brightest minds in the world, the scientists who invented the world wide web. And they're backed by a secret organization more powerful than any nation. We're way out of our league here. They'd have no trouble at all crushing our puny lab if they desired. That's why we need a trump card to hold against them. But without an IBN 5100, we can't move forward. I'm getting restless.
Itaru: Woah, what's this?
UNSPOKEN: Daru suddenly lurches forward to stare at his monitor.
Rintaro: What's wrong?
Itaru: But... there's no way that's right!
Rintaro: What are you talking about? Explain.
Itaru: Well, I'm pulling data off the server, looking for a way to gain root access... And these files are downloading crazy fast. I mean, we're talking light speed here. It's hard to believe, but for some reason, this area has a direct fiber optic line to SERN. Several lines, even.
Rintaro: Direct? What do you mean?
Itaru: I mean there's literally a fiber optic cable running from underneath this building to SERN's headquarters in France.
Rintaro: Is that strange?
Itaru: Uh, yeah?
UNSPOKEN: Daru calls up the National Assembly of France's website. Then he brings up the command prompt and hammers out some commands.
Itaru: Have a look. This is the route we used to visit the National Assembly of France's site. It starts from our IP address. From there, it passes through various relays in Japan, jumps to France, then bounces around there for a while before finally reaching the National Assembly's site. It takes 16 steps total to get there. The average transfer rate is about 300 milliseconds. That's normal for an overseas connection. In other words, there's a route we have to take to get to France from Japan. Everyone takes the same route. Other countries are the same. Even browsing domestically takes about 10 steps. Now let's try SERN.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: There's only one step...
UNSPOKEN: Unlike before, the signal doesn't pass through any intermediate servers. The PC we're using -- its registered name is AKIHABARA_PC -- is connected directly to SERN in France.
Itaru: And the transfer rate is hundreds of times better than usual. Crazy fast! You can't even get these numbers domestically, man.
Rintaro: Why do we have a direct line? Is this even possible?
Itaru: It was like this when we found it. I didn't do anything.
Rintaro: So the building already had a hotline to SERN? This can't be a coincidence. It might just be the choice of Stei--
Itaru: It doesn't make sense. Why would there be an independent line running from here all the way to SERN?
UNSPOKEN: Daru's so excited, he interrupted me.
Itaru: No Japanese or French telecommunication company would set up something like this. Which means...
Rintaro: SERN did it themselves.
UNSPOKEN: Daru gulps and nods. Cold sweat oozes from his brow. I feel a chill as well. SERN might be able to see everything we're doing. No. Maybe... Maybe SERN has been expecting us for years. How could that be? The answer is simple. John Titor claims that SERN completed their time machine in 2034. Just two years later, the world is a dystopia under their rule. Maybe the SERN of 2034 considers our opposition in 2010 a threat. Maybe they used their time machine to travel to 2000 and install a fiberoptic cable to track our every move. It's entirely possible. Has the invention of the time machine started an inter-temporal war? If so, what can we do? Our enemy might be stronger than even I can imagine. No, I mustn't lose heart. I need to think positive.
Itaru: But thanks to this direct line, we can now control the LHC remotely.
Rintaro: You figured out how!?
Mayuri: Wow! That's amazing, Daru-kun.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pauses her DVD and comes up beside me.
Itaru: With a connection this fast, we can control the LHC practically in real-time. I haven't actually tried it yet, though.
UNSPOKEN: That's right. Even if this is some kind of SERN trap, we might be able to make use of it. They're still vulnerable to our attack.
Mayuri: The LHC is that 20-kilometer-long tunnel thing, right? Um, what does it do again?
Rintaro: It accelerates protons and smashes them together.
Mayuri: Oh yeah. Mini black holes, right?
Itaru: The official line is that mini black holes might manifest as a byproduct of the particle collision, but that's not the truth.
Rintaro: According to the top secret documents we found, the LHC was intended to create black holes from the very beginning.
UNSPOKEN: But we still don't know exactly how they do it. We need to think of a way to--
Kurisu: Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly emerges from the development room. She was cooped up in there all morning. Her expression is unusually grave.
Rintaro: What's wrong?
Kurisu: I figured it out.
UNSPOKEN: Figured what out?
Kurisu: I think I know how the PhoneWave works.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods. She still hasn't smiled.
Kurisu: Keep in mind that this is just a hypothesis based on what we've observed. It's closely related to what you guys were just talking about -- the LHC.
Rintaro: I believe it was you, Christina, who called the LHC the world's largest microwave. 
Kurisu: Yes. Exactly. My hunch was right. You've created a monster, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: A monster...
Kurisu: It doesn't belong in some amateur lab. And before you take that as an endorsement of your abilities, I mean it in a bad way.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clutches her arms as if to keep from trembling.
Rintaro: Give me details.
Kurisu: Did you know that the microwave oven was invented as a byproduct of radar research?
UNSPOKEN: Daru and I nod. Mayuri shakes her head. We read up on all that back then the PhoneWave (name subject to change) started acting weird.
Kurisu: Microwaves are electromagnetic waves with a frequency of 2. 45 gigahertz. The PhoneWave is commercial grade, so its output is around 1500-2000 watts. Here's the important part.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu goes on to explain that the electromagnetic waves output by the microwave are somehow connected to the electromagnetic waves output by the phone. In fact, you could say they fuse together.
Rintaro: According to Daru's blueprints, the microwave and the phone are made to send out shared electromagnetic waves by taking their leads... And hardwiring each of them to the magnetron's cathode and anode.
UNSPOKEN: On one hand, we have the microwave's super strong electromagnetic waves, originally a byproduct of the military's research into radar technology. On the other, we have the cellphone's standardized electromagnetic waves, a frequency now ubiquitous throughout the world. What happens when you fuse those two waves?
Kurisu: Both devices use electromagnetic waves. I'm not a specialist, though, so I can't examine the extent or magnitude of the influence that fusion has... But hypothetically, if the cellphone were to become a stepping stone, scattering the military-grade electromagnetic waves over a vast range of hundreds of kilometers-- Then not just Akihabara, but all of Tokyo would turn into the inside of a microwave oven. Taking into account slight variance due to body weight, the average time until death for the people inside would be-- Three minutes.
Mayuri: Ehh!?
Itaru: Seriously? Then the PhoneWave's a weapon of mass destruction, isn't it!?
UNSPOKEN: I-is it really that powerful?
Kurisu: Let me tell you what happens inside the PhoneWave. The air inside the oven is full of invisible hydrogen atoms. First, it bombards the atoms with microwaves to increase their energy potential. This is the normal function of a microwave oven. But when you add the electromagnetic waves from the phone... The harmonics trigger a chain reaction. The particles collide repeatedly at near light-speed, gaining mass and energy each time. In other words, it becomes a sort of particle accelerator.
Rintaro: A particle accelerator!?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: So, if the LHC was created to generate mini black holes-- Then the PhoneWave (name subject to change) must also produce mini black holes!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu... doesn't deny it.
Kurisu: It's a miracle that thing has been so stable. But there's still one thing I don't understand. Even if it does produce mini black holes, they should evaporate instantly. But that's not what happens in the PhoneWave. The gelification phenomenon proves that. Just like in the LHC, our mini black holes are turning into Kerr black holes.
Rintaro: According to Titor, you have to inject electrons to produce the Kerr black hole effect.
Kurisu: Where do the injected electrons come from? That's what I don't understand. The LHC uses something called a lifter to inject electrons into the black hole and control the gravitational field. Something is filling that role inside the PhoneWave.
Itaru: S-something?
Kurisu: Like I said, I don't know what.
UNSPOKEN: So I guess that's what it comes down to. All Kurisu's explanation does is confirm our hypothesis that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) functions the same as the LHC.
Rintaro: Looks like we need to review what the LHC is.
UNSPOKEN: It's time for our LHC moe guy to shine.
Itaru: LHC stands for Large Hadron Collider.
Mayuri: Had drawn?
Kurisu: It's the name of an elementary particle.
Itaru: The LHC is basically a huge circular tunnel underneath Switzerland and France. It sits about 100 meters below ground, and has a total length of 27 kilometers. There are two rings that run through the tunnel. Inside the rings is a super-low-temperature vacuum -- an environment like outer space, basically. Seriously moe. In an adjacent facility, protons are gradually accelerated by the linear accelerator, the Proton Synchrotron Booster, and the Super Proton Synchrotron. Finally, they're injected into the LHC, where they undergo their final acceleration via a series of superconducting magnets installed in the tunnel. By now, they're traveling at up to 99. 9999991% the speed of light. That's enough to melt your brain. Not as dangerous as the PhoneWave, though. Finally, the accelerated protons collide approximately 1 to 10 billion times per second. The purpose of the LHC project is to study the high energy reactions that result... or so they say. We know they're a bunch of stinking liars.
UNSPOKEN: I guess that about covers it.
Rintaro: And that, my fellow lab members, brings us to the question. Can the PhoneWave (name subject to change) beat SERN to true physical time travel?
Kurisu: Two problems. One, setting the destination. Two, the lifter.
Rintaro: We've already established that the D-Mail arrives precisely when and where it's supposed to.
Kurisu: ...It's dangerous to accept that without verification.
UNSPOKEN: Agreed.
Rintaro: As for the lifter, we already know it exists. We just need to figure out what it is.
Kurisu: I don't think we're going to find it. The PhoneWave's not exactly big, you know, and we've been poking at it for days without turning up a clue. Even if we do find it, it'll take forever to learn how to tune the electron feed properly.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: SERN's been working on it for nine years and they still haven't solved it.
UNSPOKEN: We're just amateurs, so it's bound to take even longer. ...Wait. I have an idea.
Rintaro: Let's look at it from a different angle. SERN tried to send people back in time, but they couldn't get the electron feed right. The singularities were not naked. It's the same with the PhoneWave (name subject to change). You can only send 36 bytes of data safely. Otherwise, you get a Jellyman. Let's consider the problem in reverse. What if we could convert a human to data, then compress that data into just 36 bytes? We could send that person through the ring singularity just like a D-Mail, couldn't we!?
Itaru: Convert a human to data? That's not even possible, man. And even if it were, there'd be like exabytes of data or something! You want to compress that into 36 bytes? Are you high?
Rintaro: Hmm... I thought it was a good idea...
UNSPOKEN: I guess it's not that easy. The barriers to time travel are just too high. I turn to Kurisu, meaning to ask her opinion, and then I realize that her expression has changed dramatically. Her eyes are wide as saucers, and her mouth is hanging open.
Kurisu: Of course... If it works, then maybe...
UNSPOKEN: She pauses for a second, and then...
Kurisu: Maybe we can do it!
UNSPOKEN: Do what? Time travel? It's hard to believe what Kurisu is saying, even though it was my idea in the first place.
Rintaro: Are you serious?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins triumphantly in response.
Kurisu: The data compression part, at least, is easy. We can just use the black holes created by the LHC, since black holes compress everything they swallow. Compression won't harm data like it would harm a human. As long as we're just sending data, there's nothing to worry about.
UNSPOKEN: I get it! But wait, can we really pull off such a stunt? And besides...
Rintaro: How do you plan to convert humans into data?
Kurisu: You know that my thesis got published, right?
Rintaro: This is no time to flaunt your accomplishments.
Kurisu: Have you read it?
UNSPOKEN: I haven't.
Itaru: I've got scans if you want to read it.
UNSPOKEN: Daru opens up his image folder, scrolls past tons of 2D porn, and opens up the scanned image. Sure enough, there's Kurisu's name in big English letters.
Kurisu: The title of my thesis is... 'Analysis of Memory-Related Nerve Impulses in the Temporal Lobe'
Rintaro: ...Temporal lobe? Nerve impulses?
Itaru: What, you didn't know?
Rintaro: No, wait. This can't be right. This title sounds like, um, neuroscience, not physics.
Kurisu: I'm a neuroscientist. Got a problem?
UNSPOKEN: What!? I can't believe it. From the way she talks about particle accelerators and time travel theory, I was sure she had to be a physicist.
Rintaro: No, forget about that. How is this related to time travel?
Kurisu: Converting an entire human to data is impossible. But converting a human's memories may be possible!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Imagine a chest of drawers. Each drawer is filled with tiny boxes, and inside each box is another bunch of tiny boxes. You keep opening boxes until you find the memory you're looking for.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu discovered that the number of retrieval commands -- nerve impulses used to search up memories -- is surprisingly low. Out of hundreds of millions of nerve impulse patterns in the brain, only a few thousand are related to memory. It was the successful analysis of these patterns that earned Kurisu and her research team critical acclaim in the scientific community.
Kurisu: Now, before you ask how this relates to time travel, there's one more thing I need to explain. Several years ago, my lab -- the Neurophysiology Lab at Victor Condoria University -- developed a technology called Visual Rebuilding, or VR for short. Put simply, it enables conversion of video data into nerve impulse signals. Used in reverse, it can also convert nerve impulses into video data, or any other kind of electronic data. So, if we combine VR technology with my research... do you see where I'm going?
Itaru: ...No way.
Rintaro: We can convert memories into data?
Kurisu: Not just that. Memory transplantation, backups, external storage... all of those things become possible.
UNSPOKEN: It's like science fiction... In a sense, this technology could be used to copy a person's soul. According to Kurisu, some religious groups strongly opposed this research, as you might expect. On the other hand, the medical community is ecstatic about the possibilities. In any case, it's amazing that my assistant here was able to make such an incredible discovery. Of course, she did have a university supporting her, but still.
Rintaro: So basically, what you're saying is that we convert the subject's memories into video data... Use the LHC's black hole to compress that data into 36 bytes... Send that data through the Kerr black hole inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change)... And finally, imprint those memories on the subject's brain in the past.
Mayuri: What does that mean?
Kurisu: We can send our memories back in time. In order to differentiate it from physical time travel, let's call it a 'time leap' for now. You don't go back, just your memories. It's so crazy that nobody's thought of it before.
UNSPOKEN: She's right. The idea is ridiculous, which is exactly why none of the geniuses at SERN could come up with it. But this union of physics, neuroscience, and neurophysiology will make the impossible possible. To transfer memories to the past via cellphone. To time leap.
Kurisu: The important thing to remember is that only memories are being transferred. Personality and consciousness aren't included.
Rintaro: What does that mean? How is it different from what you see in sci-fi novels?
Kurisu: Time leaping in sci-fi usually sends everything -- consciousness, personality, and memory. But in real life, there's probably too much data, and besides, we only analyzed memories. Think of consciousness, personality, and memory as separate things. Memories are like the video data stored on your computer. And consciousness and personality are like the OS.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: It's just an example. For starters, it's still not clear where personality and consciousness are located, or how they are constructed. So we can't convert them into data. Or at least, I can't.
Rintaro: So we can only send memories. Where does that leave us?
Kurisu: Your memories aren't the only thing that define you. Even if you send your memories to the past, it will be the receiving you's consciousness and personality that process them.
Itaru: So in Mindorz terms, it's like copying data from a VISTA computer to a Min95 computer?
Kurisu: Data created with the latest OS might not work on an older OS. It might cause errors. For example, if you sent your current memories to yourself in elementary school, the gap between your memories and your body could have serious consequences.
Rintaro: Anyway, is it correct to assume that we'll be targeting ourselves in the past?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods at my question.
Kurisu: Just like with D-Mail, we're using cellphones as the transfer medium. To be precise, you can only leap into your own body, and only if you had a cellphone at the time of reception.
UNSPOKEN: There was an exception in Lukako's case where we sent a D-Mail to a pager, but that doesn't apply to time leaping.
Kurisu: If you try sending memories to someone else... umm, how do I put this... there's a danger that the electrical signals might be rejected.
Itaru: Wouldn't want to jump into someone else's body. I mean, unless it's the body of a cute girl. Uhehe!
UNSPOKEN: Is this guy capable of a non-perverted thought?
Kurisu: Don't 'uhehe' me, you idiot! If it just bounces off, that's fine, but I'm worried incompatible memory data might do serious damage to the recipient's psyche. I don't know what might happen. No one's done it before, after all.
UNSPOKEN: That makes us pioneers. I like it.
Kurisu: There are two things I do know. One, you definitely cannot go back before you were born; and two, you won't exist in two places at once. That means you don't have to worry about causing a paradox. You can't kill your parents before you were born.
Rintaro: So the phones act like black and white holes...
UNSPOKEN: It seems like a strange coincidence that cellphones would be the medium of time travel, but really, could it have been anything else? These days, people wear their phones like a second skin. No other medium could reliably deliver the memories to their intended target. The more I think about it, the more I realize that this was meant to be.
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: I whip out my phone and place it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. Everything is falling into place. The plan can now proceed to the final stage. I'm talking about Operation Verthandi, obviously. Heh. Christina had me fooled. I never knew she was capable of this. It must have been the choice of Steins Gate that sent her here. Don't worry. I have everything under control. Nothing can stop us now. El Psy Kongroo.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Were you listening? Good. Commence preparations for Operation Verthandi!
Kurisu: First, explain what that is!
Rintaro: We're going to build your time leap machine, Christina. And you'd better not say it can't be done! Not after showing me the way!
Kurisu: Well, this is Akihabara. I should be able to find the parts I need.
Rintaro: Then it's decided. I'm placing you in charge of this operation. Whatever you need, ask, and it shall be yours. Together, we shall complete the first time leap machine in human history!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods. Her eyes are shining with a fierce, hungry light. As I thought. She's a scientist to the core! Mayuri and Daru go home, leaving me with Kurisu. She's sitting in the development room chair, endlessly twirling a pen in her fingers.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
Kurisu: Thinking about the time leap machine. I know we can make it, but I'm wondering what will happen if we actually use it.
Rintaro: Ah.
UNSPOKEN: She hasn't even started working on the machine, and she's already worried about what comes afterwards? That takes confidence, alright. Are all geniuses like this? What will happen when we use it... I doubt we can find an answer to that question. Not without testing it live. Kurisu knows that. What she's really wondering is whether it's worth the risk. That's why I avoid arguing with her.
Rintaro: You're thinking too hard. Finish the machine, then worry about it.
Kurisu: You're so pompous.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu groans and flops down on the desk. It's strange to see her like this. She's usually so cool and collected. But maybe that's an act, and this is who she really is.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe... Can I talk to you about something completely unrelated?
Rintaro: I'd rather talk about something related.
Kurisu: You told me before that I could ask you anything. Remember?
UNSPOKEN: I did? I don't remember that.
Kurisu: I think... my father hates me.
UNSPOKEN: She sighs sadly. Ah, so that's what she wants to talk about. A conundrum. This isn't like before, when she was merely an advisor. The time leap project depends on Kurisu to succeed. It is clear, however, that she will be unable to focus as long as these petty concerns distract her. In that case, it falls to me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to solve her problem once and for all! Only then can she devote herself fully to the future of the lab!
Rintaro: Very well. Speak!
Kurisu: Heh... you really are pompous.
Rintaro: I assume it was your father on the phone the other day?
UNSPOKEN: I am speaking, of course, of when I found Kurisu outside the lab, crying into her phone. The mood was... delicate.
Kurisu: ...Yeah. I don't remember the last time he had a kind word for me. Even when we were living together, before I went to America, he acted like I wasn't there. We're supposed to be family, aren't we?
Rintaro: And you? How did you treat your father?
Kurisu: I was daddy's little girl growing up. You practically had to drag me away from him.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: My father's a physicist. Even as a child, I loved to hear him talk about science. I couldn't understand a word of it, but I always begged him to explain. I wanted to understand his work, so I started studying physics. I must have been five.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I guess that's what makes her a genius. Or perhaps the yearning for her father's love was what gave birth to her genius.
Kurisu: Thanks to that, I always got perfect grades in math. I ignored all the other subjects, though, so my grades were a little skewed. I even read my father's papers. I was a little girl trying to comprehend theoretical physics, but I gave it everything I had. I needed to understand. By sixth grade, I had learned enough that I could discuss my father's theories with him. I was so happy that I could talk to my father on his level, you know? We used to argue all night long. And then I started winning those arguments. All of them.
Rintaro: Yeah. I can definitely see how that would make him hate you.
UNSPOKEN: A tragedy fitting for a girl genius. What kind of scientist loses to a grade-school girl anyway? Seriously.
Kurisu: You really think that's why?
Rintaro: I'm absolutely certain that's why.
Kurisu: I guess he did have a lot of pride. Anyway, one day, he suddenly stopped talking to me altogether. Then he started fighting with my mom, and finally he stopped coming home. I really loved my dad, so it was a big shock. I felt it was my fault things turned out that way. I couldn't go to school, I was so depressed. And then Mom recommended I study abroad.
UNSPOKEN: So that's why she went to America.
Rintaro: You were just too talented for your own good. So, how do you feel about your father now?
Kurisu: I don't know...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks down.
Rintaro: He's in Japan, right? Have you seen him at all?
Kurisu: No... he doesn't want to see me. That's what we were talking about on the phone. I asked if we could meet, but he told me to stay away from him.
UNSPOKEN: Her father has quite the inferiority complex. No wonder she was crying. Even for someone as strong-willed as Kurisu, it must hurt to hear that from her father.
Kurisu: Even if we did meet, I wouldn't know what to say... I tried to talk to him before I left, you know? I tried so hard, but he just ignored me. It hurts. Whenever I think about going to see him, I remember those times. I worry he'll ignore me again, and then I can't do anything. Sniff...
Rintaro: Are you crying?
Kurisu: J-just a little, okay?
Rintaro: You want to reconcile with your father. Correct?
Kurisu: I don't know...
Rintaro: If you didn't, then you wouldn't have confided in me. And you wouldn't be crying, would you?
Kurisu: True...
Rintaro: Just be straight with him. Say 'I love you, Dad. Let's make up.'
Kurisu: I think that's a little out of character for me.
Rintaro: It's your father. Stop acting like a weak little girl.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks upright, her face bright red.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Yes, you are. You'll never reconcile with him like that. You need to speak from the heart, give it to him straight. It's the only way to get your message across. You can't sugarcoat it. If that doesn't work, nothing will. Then you'll just have to hope that time heals the rift between you.
Kurisu: And how long will that take?
Rintaro: How should I know? I'm only a year older than you, remember? How long has it been since you went to America?
Kurisu: Umm... seven years.
Rintaro: If nothing has changed in seven years, then maybe it will take twice that much time.
Kurisu: I... guess you're right.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs heavily and rests her chin in her hand. Did my advice backfire? It looks like she's even more depressed now. I fold my arms and wrack my brain for a solution. I don't want to see Kurisu like this. It's pathetic!
Rintaro: Well? When are you going to see him?
Kurisu: ...Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu opens her eyes wide in confusion. I take out my phone and bring up the calendar.
Rintaro: I assume it'll be during summer break. Make sure you let me know ahead of time.
Kurisu: Wha-wha-wha-what are you talking about!?
Rintaro: I might have plans. I'll need to shift my schedule around.
Kurisu: Hold on a second! Don't tell me you plan on coming along!?
Rintaro: Of course I do. You are my assistant, and I will do whatever it takes to ensure that you are in peak mental condition for the experiment.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks dumbfounded. What? Did I say something wrong?
Kurisu: Ok, you've had your fun. I'm in no mood for--
Rintaro: I'm being completely serious. I'll go anywhere you want -- anywhere in Japan. I'd go anywhere in the world, but I don't have a passport or money.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: You're afraid you won't know what to say, right?
Kurisu: Yeah...
Rintaro: Then that settles it. I am a master of conversation. You will have nothing to fear with Hououin Kyouma at your side!
Kurisu: ...pfft!
Rintaro: Why are you laughing!?
Kurisu: You couldn't hold a normal conversation if your life depended on it.
Rintaro: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: By Jove, she's right! A mad scientist does not care about things like tact and decorum. He dominates the room with his sheer presence! Perhaps a softer touch is called for here.
Kurisu: But... thanks anyway. I definitely didn't expect you to offer to come... N-not that I'm happy about it or anything! I hate how you act like a nice guy sometimes! It's confusing!
UNSPOKEN: Confusing how? Why is she yelling at me anyway? Shouldn't she be thanking me instead?
Kurisu: Um, Okabe? That offer... I can take you up on it, right?
Rintaro: Of course.
Kurisu: Then, once we're done upgrading the PhoneWave... I want you to come with me.
Rintaro: As you wish. Where is your father, anyway?
Kurisu: Aomori.
Rintaro: Aomori!?
Kurisu: That's where he lives now.
UNSPOKEN: That's way up at the north end of the island, like seven hundred kilometers or something. I wasn't expecting to have to go that far.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...A-Aomori it is!
UNSPOKEN: If promising to go to Aomori will let Kurisu concentrate on the time leap machine, it's a small price to pay. A small price indeed. Kurisu and Daru go home, leaving me with Mayuri. I thought she was hard at work on her costume, but when I look, I find her staring at the wall. Her hands have stopped moving.
Rintaro: Mayuri? You're not going home?
UNSPOKEN: She usually doesn't stay this late. Her parents might be worried.
Mayuri: Um, I was thinking about what Okarin and Chris-chan were talking about earlier. I was trying to figure out what the things you said meant, but it was all so complicated. I didn't get any of it. Ehehe... The only thing I get is that something amazing is gonna happen!
Rintaro: Indeed. The world is about to change, and we shall be the ones to lead humanity into the future.
Mayuri: You're shining, Okarin.
Rintaro: Shining? What does that mean?
Mayuri: You're shining. Chris-chan too. Like two bright stars in the sky.
Rintaro: That must be my aura of madness you're sensing. Muhahaha!
Mayuri: You know, it's been ten days since Chris-chan joined us. Can I tell you how I've been feeling? Since Chris-chan became a lab mem, it feels like things have really started to happen, like we're a real lab now, you know?
Rintaro: Heh. I must admit, her knowledge has been a great asset. Of course, the girl genius would never have joined us if not for the cunning of Hououin Kyouma!
Mayuri: That's why you're shining so bright now, Okarin. Chris-chan is really a big help to you, I know... But I can't do anything to help...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks depressed.
Mayuri: I wish I were smart too... then maybe I could help.
Rintaro: Mayuri...
UNSPOKEN: She's never expressed such sentiments before. Is she jealous of Kurisu's talents? Is there competition brewing in the lab? I sigh and walk to the window. I can't see many stars in the sky.
Rintaro: Mayuri. Aren't you going to look at the stars?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri comes up beside me. We lean out the window together. It's only 9 PM, but Akiba is already still and silent, save for the occasional car trundling by.
Mayuri: Back when the lab just started -- before Daru-kun joined -- it was like this a lot, wasn't it? All quiet, just the two of us.
Rintaro: Yeah, it was.
UNSPOKEN: Daru joined the lab in early May. Before that, he was unwilling to join no matter how I tried to convince him. Then he learned that the lab was just three minutes away from MayQueen+Nyan², and suddenly he was all Future Gadget Lab, hell yeah! But for about a month and a half after the lab's founding, it was just me and Mayuri all alone.
Mayuri: Can Mayushii stay here? Is it really okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks at me with uncertainty in her eyes. I meet her gaze firmly, then bop her lightly on the head.
Rintaro: Don't be ridiculous. All you need to do is stay.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Without you, the lab would be a much less friendly place. You see how Kurisu and I argue. We can be pretty stubborn, and sometimes we don't know when to stop. But when it starts to get out of hand, Mayuri, you're always there with some ditzy, irrelevant comment to break the tension.
Mayuri: Um... are you praising me?
Rintaro: Of course I am. Don't worry about a thing. Just know that you, too, are part of my plan. Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Okay. Thanks, Okarin♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles in relief. And then her stomach rumbles.
Mayuri: I'm starving! I'll warm up some canned oden. You want some too?
Rintaro: Yeah. Heat it up.
Mayuri: Coming right up!
UNSPOKEN: Soon, we are chowing down on piping hot oden. The next day, Mayuri and I go shopping at Radi-Kan. We have a list, written by Kurisu, of parts for the time leap machine. Naturally, I'm paying for everything out of my own pocket. Kurisu and Daru have already started work on the upgrade. Apparently, the conversion of memories into digital data requires software developed at Kurisu's lab in America. She can download that software from their dedicated server. But that's not the only thing we need. There's also some kind of brain-scanning headgear that we're going to have to make ourselves. Incidentally, I have to pay extra-close attention to make sure Mayuri doesn't wander off while we're shopping. If she sees some random store that interests her, she'll literally stop and stare at it for hours. I keep walking, of course, and only later realize that she's not behind me.  Then I have to run from store to store looking for her. This must be how parents of small children feel. Anyway, this is nothing new. Mayuri has always been like this.
Rintaro: I'm begging you, stick with me. If you get lost in this labyrinth of technology, you'll never escape. Not with your sense of direction.
Mayuri: Okey-dokey! I'll be careful. Um, by the way. How is time leaping different from time travel?
UNSPOKEN: Did she really hear what I just said about not wandering off? Besides, Kurisu already explained the difference yesterday.
Rintaro: Time travel means your whole body travels through time. The time leap will only send your memories to the past. It's simple.
UNSPOKEN: Just memories. No personality or consciousness included, although Kurisu did mention that there was no way to be sure what might happen to your consciousness.
Mayuri: Oh... Does that mean you can do things with time leaps that you can't do with D-Mails?
Rintaro: D-Mails can only send instructions to the past. The past may change, or it may not. The results are unpredictable, and depend on the recipient. And when the past does change, the worldline is reconfigured. Everyone loses their old memories.
UNSPOKEN: I am the exception, thanks to Reading Steiner.
Rintaro: With a time leap, on the other hand, you can give your past self not just instructions, but all of the memories you have right now... or at least, that's the idea.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Ummm, so I could send the costume I'm making back to last week? I would love to have another week to prepare for ComiMa.
Rintaro: That might be possible with time travel, but not with time leaping. Say you had a test last week. Now that you know the answers, you could send that knowledge to yourself and ace the test. But you couldn't go back and hand yourself a cheat sheet.
Mayuri: So Mayushii's mind goes into Mayushii one week ago?
Rintaro: Exactly.
UNSPOKEN: While this conversation has been going on, I've been steadily purchasing items from Kurisu's shopping list.
Mayuri: You can't bring stuff, but you can bring your memories... I get it. But, then what about Mayushii one week ago? Where do her memories go?
Rintaro: I assume they get overwritten.
UNSPOKEN: We haven't tested it, though, so there's no way to be sure.
Mayuri: She disappears?
Rintaro: Your memories right now include your memories from back then. So even if she does disappear, you don't really lose anything. I guess you could say you're just adding your memories from one week in the future.
Mayuri: Then, if Mayushii's memories leap into the Mayushii one week ago, what happens to Mayushii now?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's asking some pretty philosophical questions today. But I guess anyone would ask the same.
Mayuri: Mayushii's memories jump to the past, but my body's still here, right? What happens to me when my memories go bye-bye?
Rintaro: You become an empty shell... no... that can't be right. That wouldn't make sense. My assistant's device merely records your memory data... in other words, it's just a backup. Your original memories are still inside you.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing inside the brain is lost. You don't become an empty shell. Besides, neither personality nor consciousness is transferred to begin with.
Rintaro: Your body shouldn't become an empty shell, and your consciousness shouldn't leap, either.
UNSPOKEN: ...No, wait. There's another issue here.
Rintaro: Actually, won't you become a new Mayuri, one who received memories from the future one week ago?
UNSPOKEN: Not that anybody, including me, would be able to tell the difference.
Mayuri: Then, does the Mayushii who had the normal memories before the time leap get erased by the Mayushii who repeated the week with extra memories?
UNSPOKEN: ...This is getting complicated.
Rintaro: That's right. She's erased. In other words, you relive the week. You can do things the same, or you could do something completely different. And you'll keep your old memories of the week that disappeared.
Mayuri: Then, does that mean...
UNSPOKEN: The questions keep coming. She's trying hard to understand in her own ditzy way.
Mayuri: So I redo the week, okay... but what if I decide to go to Ikebukuro with my friends instead of coming to the lab today? What happens to the Mayushii talking with Okarin now?
Rintaro: The present would change to match the past, and this conversation would never happen.
Mayuri: Oh... and you wouldn't notice the difference, Okarin?
Rintaro: Right. No one would notice.
Mayuri: That would be kinda sad...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: No. For Mayushii.
UNSPOKEN: I don't get what she means.
Mayuri: Maybe that's why Chris-chan doesn't want to change the past.
UNSPOKEN: She nods to herself with a bright smile.
Mayuri: Oh! I just thought of something. Can you time leap into the future?
Rintaro: Maybe, but there wouldn't be a point.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I reached that conclusion yesterday. The memories you send overwrite the memories at your destination. If you sent your memories one week into the future, then the future you would lose one week of memories.
Rintaro: The whole point of our time leap machine is to affect past events. We don't need to worry about the future. Besides, you're less likely to reach the future than you are the past. And that's because the future is inherently unpredictable. For example, do you think you'll have the same phone number for all eternity?
Mayuri: How should I know? Ehehe.
Rintaro: Exactly my point. And remember, pagers became obsolete with the advent of cellphones. Similarly, our phones may be replaced by some other device in the future.
UNSPOKEN: In order for the time leap to succeed, the target you must have a phone whose number you know. As long as that condition is met, there should never be a problem with setting the destination. The real problem is what inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is acting as the lifter. Until we figure that out, we can't reproduce the discharge phenomenon at will. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) will remain incomplete. On the other hand, if we can figure it out, we'll have an endless source of electrons that, unlike SERN's, needs no tuning. I'm exhilarated. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is evolving by the day. Our invention of the time leap machine will put us light years ahead of SERN. Time travel will finally become a reality. I can't wait to try it out. My soul yearns for the taste of chaos. I barely manage to keep from bursting out in mad laughter. Come to think of it, more than one week has passed since we sent the first D-Mail, and although there was that strange threatening email, there remains no sign of men in black coming to haul us away. According to Daru, SERN hasn't discovered our hacking, either. The next problem is what will happen when we use the Time Leap Machine. In order to compress a human's entire wealth of memory into the requisite thirty-six bytes, we have to borrow the LHC's black hole. I can't believe that SERN won't notice an unauthorized activation of the LHC. How do we keep them from finding us? We need a plan.
Mayuri: Oh... I guess I can't go back to grade school, can I? I didn't have a phone back then.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's still talking about the time leap.
Rintaro: You want to go back to your elementary school days? Heh heh heh, I know exactly how you feel. If you repeat elementary school with the knowledge you have now, you'll get top grades and have an easy time bending children to your will.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...I see. I'm afraid that's not possible.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's grandmother passed away when Mayuri was in elementary school.
Mayuri: Yeah... It's too bad, but I guess I don't really need to see her. I still remember her words, her smile, and her wrinkly hand patting my head. So even if I don't see her again, I'm okay. What I really want is to see little Okarin again! Ehehe!
Rintaro: Heh. Back then, I was already a scientist without equal, a titan towering above the other children. You can hardly be blamed for desiring to meet the child prodigy who would one day be feared as the great mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma.
Mayuri: I don't want to meet Hououin Whatshisface. I want to meet Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: I am Hououin Kyouma. Always have been, always will be. Mayuri just doesn't get it. So I disregard her comment.
Rintaro: Anyway, there's no point. You haven't matured at all since that time, so nothing would change if you went back to elementary school anyway.
Mayuri: Hey! That's not true. Mayushii's all grown up now.
Rintaro: The only thing that's grown is how much you eat.
UNSPOKEN: And your breast size.
Mayuri: That's not true! Mayushii's a real woman now.
UNSPOKEN: A real woman? I kind of want to hear the details, but she probably doesn't know what she's talking about.
Mayuri: Besides, I think Okarin's the one who hasn't changed since then.
Rintaro: Isn't that what I said? I was already a genius mad scientist when you met me! MUHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: The shopkeeper shoots me a glare. I guess this isn't the best place for maniacal laughter. Better get those parts and head back to the lab. We finish our shopping and come out in front of the station.
Rintaro: By the way, Mayuri. Have you not been working recently?
Mayuri: Working? You mean at Lemoine?
UNSPOKEN: Of course. MayQueen+Nyan² doesn't exist in the current wholesome Akiba.
Mayuri: Um, ComiMa's coming up, so I'm taking a few days off. I've got costumes to make!
Rintaro: How many costumes are you making this year?
Mayuri: Three. One for Kaede-chan, one for Fubuki-chan, and then there's one for Luka-chan.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if Lukako is still refusing to wear it. I can hardly blame him. I mean, however cute he looks, he's still a guy. No, wait. That was before we sent the D-Mail. Now Lukako's a girl, I guess. How confusing.
Mayuri: Ah... it's Moeka-san.
Rintaro: What?
UNSPOKEN: I look where Mayuri's pointing and see Moeka squatting by the staircase, staring hard at her cellphone. She looks more tired than the last time I saw her. There are bags under her eyes, and her hair is frayed. The intensity of her expression makes me hesitate to call out to her. She'll probably just ignore me like before. On the other hand, she is a lab mem. I can't just ignore her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Moeka-san. What are you doing here?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka doesn't look up. She mutters something that I can't make out.
Rintaro: Hey, are you listening? If you have a problem, the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma, will gladly assist! But be warned. By the time I'm through, Akiba will be an ocean of blood... heh heh heh.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka suddenly jerks upright as if poked with an electric prod. She lifts her head and stares at me with wide eyes, then jumps to her feet and walks right up to me. This is the first time I've seen Moeka express such emotion.
Rintaro: What is it? What's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't speak. That hasn't changed. Instead, she looks down and starts typing on her phone. Guess I should be ready for a mail.
Rintaro: What do you mean, what happened? We don't fully understand it yet. We're in the middle of upgrading it.
Mayuri: It's amazing! This time, we might even be able to time leap.
Rintaro: Don't write anything about it. Otherwise we'll have to expel you from the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka shakes her head violently. Guess she won't write an article.
Rintaro: Our hacking of SERN has uncovered a new possibility for the PhoneWave (name subject to change). It's a form of time travel made possible by borrowing SERN's equipment. This discovery will begin a new age of human civilization. No longer will men be slaves to time. Any future you desire can be yours! And history will record that we, the Future Gadget Laboratory, changed the world forever!
Mayuri: Um, Okarin, that was really confusing. You lost Mayushii.
UNSPOKEN: How can you not be moved by my speech? I'm talking about becoming legends here. Moeka bites her lip and types out a mail in irritation. Then she grabs my arm and digs in her fingernails. It hurts.
Rintaro: U-unhand me!
UNSPOKEN: But Moeka does not listen.
Rintaro: The time leap is a way to send your memories to the past! We found a way to make that possible. Soon we will complete the machine and become the undisputed lords of time!
Mayuri: Um, Okarin came up with the idea and Chris-chan told us how to do it. Daru-kun's helping, and Mayushii and Okarin are shopping♪
UNSPOKEN: Moeka suddenly releases me. Her eyes are blank, unfocused. She squats down on the spot, just as we found her. She seems entirely drained of energy and will.
Mayuri: Are you okay, Moeka-san? Do you feel sick?
Rintaro: I can't be sure. There are still several problems remaining. If they don't give us too much trouble, I guess we'll have it done in a week. On the other hand, we can't do anything until they're solved. Everything is the choice of Steins Gate. I have faith there exists a path to success. And once the door is opened, the chaos for which I have so longed shall at last descend upon the Earth. Trumpets will sound from the highest heaven, and the final battle, Ragnarok, will begin!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: The Organization, of course. Their rule must end once and for all.
Mayuri: Wow! Don't do anything dangerous, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Why does Mayuri insist on worrying about me?
Moeka: Hehe...
UNSPOKEN: Oh? Moeka's lips curve into a smile.
Moeka: Hehehe...
UNSPOKEN: She rises to her feet unsteadily, then staggers off into the crowd. It's like she's forgotten about us completely. Mayuri and I can only watch her go. There's an indescribable aura about her that holds us back.
Mayuri: What do you think is wrong with Moeka-san?
UNSPOKEN: I've known she was kind of strange ever since I met her, but this... Maybe she's an escaped mental patient or something. Heh... not that her insanity can possibly compare to mine! For I desire nothing less than total and absolute chaos!
Rintaro: Muha, muhahaha, MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Mayuri: Whaaah? Now Okarin's acting weird! Mayushii's worried...
UNSPOKEN: Mayushii looks scared, so I cease my maniacal laughter a few minutes earlier than planned. Afterwards, Mayuri and I go our separate ways. She apparently has to deliver a costume to her friend Fubuki. When I return to the lab with my spoils of war, something surprising -- though not too surprising, come to think of it -- catches my eye.
Kurisu: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is on the computer. As soon as she notices I've returned, she quickly closes the window on the screen.
Kurisu: H-hey! Think you could knock!?
Rintaro: This isn't your room. Besides, I'd have to be a fool to knock. There could be assassins lying in ambush.
Kurisu: Assassins? Here? Are you stupid?
Rintaro: Anyway, Christina. What were you looking at just now, hmm?
UNSPOKEN: I already know the answer, of course. I caught a glimpse of the screen before she closed it.
Kurisu: I was... doing research!
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she plans to continue this charade. I drop my bags and go to the computer.
Kurisu: S-stay back!
UNSPOKEN: I slip past Kurisu's blocking arms and restore the minimized window.
Kurisu: G-got a problem?
Rintaro: ...pfft!
Kurisu: Hey! What's with that 'this is awful, rofl rofl' laughter!?
Rintaro: Have no fear, Christina. Or should I call you... @channeler Chris!
Kurisu: Don't call me that!
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, I already knew. That's right! I realized long ago that you were an @channeler! You can't hide it from me. You reek of @channel corruption!
Kurisu: How rude! I make sure to apply light perfume every day!
Rintaro: Fool. That's not what I meant. I'm talking about the scent of your soul.
Kurisu: My soul? What's that supposed to mean? Explain.
Rintaro: Why? So you can learn how to hide it?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! Just explain already.
Rintaro: There's nothing to explain. You use @channel memes in conversation. I'd have to be stupid not to notice.
Kurisu: ...Feels bad, man.
Rintaro: That's an @channel meme too.
Kurisu: Ugh...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: That's it! It's all Hashida's fault!
Rintaro: But it's cute how you try to hide it, @channeler Chris.
Kurisu: DON'T CALL ME THAT.
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me hard. If looks could kill... She has no sense of humor at all. I should be more careful in the future.
Rintaro: But I don't understand. You were raised in America, so how are you so familiar with @channel?
Kurisu: You can browse @channel from America. Need I say more?
Rintaro: Ahh, I get it. Living in an English-only environment made you hungry for Japanese. But did you have to resort to @channel?
UNSPOKEN: I mean, if you believe the pseudo-intellectuals in the media, browsing @channel is like reading scribbles on the bathroom wall. 
Kurisu: Sure, it's not the friendliest place, but I couldn't find anywhere that felt more 'Japanese'. Anyway, can I ask a favor?
Rintaro: What is it?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away and mumbles something. But her voice is so low, I can't make it out.
Rintaro: If you have something to say, say it.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns bright red, but her sullen expression doesn't change.
Kurisu: Don't tell anyone else about this.
Rintaro: What difference does it make? Daru's the most hardcore @channeler who ever lived, and Mayuri's an otaku too. Even I browse @channel regularly. There's nothing to be ashamed of! Just boldly write 'Hobbies: Browsing @channel' on your resume!
Kurisu: Not a chance, you idiot!
Rintaro: What!? You mean you'd rather post anchors on VIP!?
Kurisu: Gh, I hate myself for understanding those words!
Rintaro: Well, whatever. If it will help you focus on the time leap machine, I'll keep your secret for now. Besides, it's just a matter of time before you make another mistake and reveal your true colors.
Kurisu: You don't have to worry about me. Remember that I represented my entire laboratory when we presented our research, even though there were men twice my age on the project. I'm an expert at dealing with people. I'll have no trouble keeping it a secret.
Rintaro: ...Nullpo.
Kurisu: Gah! No...!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's face gets even redder, and then she falls to her hands and knees in defeat. orz Just as I thought, @channel is in her blood and bones. She doesn't have a prayer. As night fell, we tried to activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) again, but as expected, the discharge did not occur.
Mayuri: *yawn*...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is at her sewing machine, putting some finishing touches on a costume. She got back earlier this evening, after delivering a different costume to her friend, Fubuki-chan. She's been working on this costume ever since. Come to think of it, she usually heads home around 7 or 8, but today, she's still hard at work.
Rintaro: Mayuri, go home before it gets too late. Your parents will worry.
Mayuri: It's okay. I'm gonna stay the night.
Rintaro: ...R-really?
UNSPOKEN: She's never done that before.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Are you staying to work on your costume?
Mayuri: It won't be done in time for ComiMa if I don't. Ehehe!
Rintaro: I'm surprised your parents let you stay.
UNSPOKEN: I've met her parents any number of times. They're as ditzy as Mayuri. But still, I don't think they'd appreciate their underage daughter staying overnight in this dirty lab.
Rintaro: It must be my overwhelming charisma... No, wait, that makes me sound like a good person, so that can't be it... Of course! Mayuri's parents are so afraid of my insanity that they sent me their only daughter as a hostage!
Kurisu: Reported.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu calls out from the development room. She's been tinkering with the PhoneWave (name subject to change), but I guess she was listening.
Kurisu: What would you do if I called the cops on you?
Rintaro: I unleash my right arm on traitors, Christina.
Kurisu: Yeah, yeah, chuunibyou, whatever.
Mayuri: Um, I told Mom and Dad that Chris-chan would be here. Then they said okay.
Kurisu: Wait, so I have to stay too?
Mayuri: Yup♪ Don't you have to work on the PhoneWave?
Kurisu: I guess... but I don't relish the thought of spending the night here. At least, not with a certain somebody around.
Rintaro: Environment matters, Christina. This is a place of science and research, so you should have no trouble concentrating on your work. Trust the great Hououin Kyouma. Also, it may surprise you to learn that I have equipped this lab with a system that stimulates brain function. So if you were wondering where my incredible genius comes from, now you know! It's because I sleep in this room every night!
Kurisu: This stimulation system of yours... I assume it's been dumping toxic waste in your brain?
Rintaro: You sound like an environmentalist, Zombie.
Mayuri: Ah, Mayushii knows! You're talking about that, right?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu comes out of the development room to check what Mayuri's pointing at.
Kurisu: This... air freshener?
Mayuri: Okarin said the smell makes you smarter. He bought it at Akiba-o. When was that?
Rintaro: ...About six months ago. It was on sale for 500 yen.
Kurisu: I'm starting to think even you don't believe the stuff you say. And besides, this air freshener is empty.
UNSPOKEN: Yeah. When I went to buy replacement packs, they had already stopped selling them.
Kurisu: Well, whatever. I was planning to stay either way. I'll join you, Mayuri-san.
Mayuri: Really? That's great!
Kurisu: On one condition. Okabe leaves.
Rintaro: Me, leave? I practically live here! This lab was promised to me by Steins Gate. It's the dwelling place of my soul!
Kurisu: We girls are staying here overnight, so you filthy boys need to show respect. Your home isn't even far from here, right?
Mayuri: Okarin lives close to Mayushii, in Ikebukuro.
Kurisu: Why, that's less than 30 minutes by train. Anyway, I'm not going to need your help tonight, so just go home like a good boy, okay?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: What? Are you planning to molest us!?
Rintaro: Shut up, Mongolian Spot!
Kurisu: I don't have a Mongolian Spot! And when did you see my butt, anyway!?
Rintaro: I can't leave two young girls here alone! Minors need guardians!
Mayuri: But Okarin's a minor too!
Rintaro: I'll be 20 in less than a year and a half. In other words, Steins Gate has decided that I am an adult.
Kurisu: I'm pretty sure that makes you a minor just like us.
Mayuri: Um, Chris-chan? I don't think Okarin would do anything bad. I mean, we've been together for more than ten years, and he hasn't molested me once.
Kurisu: But he took you hostage, didn't he?
Mayuri: Yup♪ Actually, I'm still his hostage.
Kurisu: We should kick him out of the room.
Rintaro: Haa...
UNSPOKEN: I sigh deeply and place a hand on my forehead.
Rintaro: You disappoint me, Christina. This lab is a place of science. We are above such petty concerns as sex. If you must speak of these vulgarities, then I'll have to ask you and your Mongolian Spot to leave!
UNSPOKEN: Looks like that was enough to convince Kurisu. She gives me a fine, fine gesture as she returns to the development room.
Rintaro: Ah. So Christina really does have a birthmark on her bu--
Kurisu: NO!
UNSPOKEN: After working on the PhoneWave (name subject to change) for about an hour, I head to a convenience store to buy dinner. Daru hasn't shown his face at all today. He must be busy with that part-time job. I still don't know what he's doing, exactly. Probably something that utilizes his super hacka skills. I just hope he steers clear of the law. While walking, I skim @channel on my phone. Titor hasn't shown up lately. I think it's been a week since his last appearance. I've been reluctant to contact him ever since he called me the Messiah in his last email. That was about the same time he stopped posting. Now @channel's denizens are busy slandering Titor. The majority opinion is that he ran away. I wonder where Titor went. I tried emailing him the other day, but he hasn't replied. His disappearance is especially worrying now that I think he might be Suzuha's dad. I need to contact him somehow. Just then, a mail arrives. No sender name. The address is... one I've seen once before. ...I've got a bad feeling about this. I pause and take a look around. Then I swallow my fear and open the mail. It feels as if a cold hand stroked my spine. I hug myself, shuddering at the sight. I delete the email immediately. It's happening again. This is bad. Really bad. This is a threat. Was it sent by the Organization? By SERN? Does SERN know what we've been doing? Should I report it to the police? Wait, I can't. I just deleted it. And in any case, a picture alone probably isn't enough to get the police involved. Still, maybe I should talk to someone. But who? Not the girls. I can't worry them with this. I'm the adult here, after all. What about Moeka? No. She may be a lab mem, but she's been acting weird lately. Even if I tell her about this, she won't be any use. Suzuha... has her father to worry about. I guess that leaves Daru. I need to find out whether SERN has discovered our hacking. What would SERN do if they did find out, I wonder? They wouldn't have us killed, would they? Despite my efforts to convince myself that this is just a prank, my feet hurry me back to the lab. I burst into the lab gasping for air and quickly lock the door behind me. Finally, I can catch my breath. But just then, I realize that something's wrong. Mayuri and Kurisu aren't here. Did they go home? No, their bags are still here. The lights are still on. The door. When I entered just now, it was unlocked. Would they be so careless? The memory of that threatening email fills me with fear. Don't tell me. Were they kidnapped!? Who took them? The Organization? SERN!? And then I hear a noise. Is that the shower? The lab has a shower inside the dressing room. There's no bath -- we can't afford such luxuries -- and it's too small to fit more than one person inside. Now I hear the sound of water running. I recall the famous scene from Hitchcock's Psycho. No! Fresh blood, mixing into the water and flowing down the drain. The corpses of two girls, sprawled out naked on the tile. The second those images flash through my head, I slam open the door to the shower room.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Kyaaa! What are you doing!?
Mayuri: Hyah! No peeking, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Through the steam, I see the wet, naked bodies of the two girls. Mayuri squats down, while Kurisu bashfully twists her body, trying desperately to hide her unmentionables. Are their faces red because of the heat? Or...
Rintaro: Phew. You're still alive.
UNSPOKEN: I wipe the cold sweat off my brow and sigh deeply.
Rintaro: Don't scare me like that. What are you guys doing packed into that tiny shower anyway?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shoots me a deadly glare.
Kurisu: Get out, you perv!
Rintaro: Whoa!
UNSPOKEN: I dodge a bar of soap aimed at my face, then quickly flee the dressing room. Well... I suppose that was all my fault.
Mayuri: Mayushii's sad... I feel kinda dirty....
Kurisu: You're gonna regret this! I'll never forgive you!
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. It was just a small misunderstanding. I mean, why the hell did they decide to take a shower -- together! -- when they knew I was coming right back? It's like they wanted to be seen. Kurisu, especially. After all that talk about not wanting to spend the night with me around, she sure dropped her guard awfully fast. They're just lucky it was me who walked in on them. What if it had been the Organization? They need to get serious. We're fighting for our lives here. ...By the way, I didn't see a Mongolian Spot on Kurisu's butt. Naturally. Anyway, how much longer are they going to shower? Looking at the clock, it's already been more than 15 minutes since I got back. They were yelling at me a few minutes ago, but now I hear laughter and happy squeals coming from the shower room. Sounds like they're having a good time... They get along almost like sisters. They're checking each other out, aren't they!? Muhahaha! In my head, I call up the memory of what I saw in the shower. Wet hair. Beads of water glistening on their soapy skin. Round, full treasures hidden by conveniently placed steam... I put my phone to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. We have a problem. I'm under attack from the Mongolian Spot and Ditzy sisters. They're going directly after my sanity, a bold move against the insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma. This is the strongest offensive I've encountered so far. I realize now that vulnerability itself can be a powerful weapon. They're pulling out all the stops, and I don't think my pants can take it. Give in to the temptation? Nonsense. I could never do that. They're fellow lab members, my loyal assistant and my childhood friend. ...Must I? Is it truly the will of Steins Gate that I give in? That I raise my hand against my closest companions? If so... then how cruel the fates be! El... Psy... Kongroo!
UNSPOKEN: After a moment to collect myself, I put away my phone. ...I need some air. Two days have passed since Kurisu and Mayuri came to stay. During that time, Daru and I have done our best to support Kurisu's work on the PhoneWave (name subject to change). According to Daru, it should be easy to use the LHC to generate black holes for our use. The black holes form at the proton collision point -- where the lifter is installed -- and exist for only a few seconds before evaporating. During those few seconds, SERN throws a human into the singularity. We'll use those few seconds too. The gravity of the black hole compresses matter to infinite density. SERN uses the lifter to keep the compression under control, but we don't want that. We're going to dial SERN's lifter down. Not so much that it endangers the world, of course, but enough to compress our memory data to under 36 bytes. Daru has been coding the necessary program. As for me, I've been searching for our lifter, the unknown device that pumps electrons into the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and keeps our black hole open. Kurisu couldn't find anything that could serve as a lifter inside the microwave, so it must be something on the outside. We're not sure what that could be, and so far we have no idea where to start looking. Yesterday, I consulted Daru about that threatening email. But Daru insisted that there's no way SERN could have discovered his hacking yet. Of course, I had him make doubly sure we hadn't been tracked. His tests came back clean. I understand he's confident in his skills, and I trust him. If Daru says they haven't found out, then they haven't. But somehow, knowing that does not ease my anxiety. It's Friday, and although we still haven't solved the lifter problem, Kurisu is just about done with the time leap machine. Naturally, that means it's time for her to give me something else to worry about.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I groan. In other words, we have to cause the electrical discharge phenomenon. There's a risk involved. A risk called Mister Braun. As we know, the discharge phenomenon causes the entire building to shake. Last time, Mister Braun threatened to raise our rent if it happened again. Kurisu and Daru look at me.
Itaru: It's up to you, Okarin.
Kurisu: Take care of it.
Rintaro: In other words, you're sending me to die.
Kurisu: Your sacrifice will allow us to complete the time leap machine.
Itaru: Besides, you're always the one who talks to the boss for us.
Rintaro: Well maybe it's time for you to put your lives on the line.
Kurisu: I can't. That girl who works there hates me.
Rintaro: ...Fine. But hear this. I will not die! Like the immortal phoenix, I will return, no matter how many times it takes!
UNSPOKEN: With that said, I head down to handle things with Mister Braun.
Mayuri: Don't die. Okay?
UNSPOKEN: As I pass through the lounge, Mayuri looks up from her costume to see me off. When I step into the store, Mister Braun, Suzuha, and the chipmunk are watching some comedy show on the massive 42-inch CRT. Watching TV at noon without a customer in sight. Looks like business as usual at the Braun Tube Workshop.
Suzuha: 'Sup, Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: I raise my hand in response to Suzuha's greeting. The chipmunk -- Nae -- quickly hides behind her father when she sees me.
Rintaro: I see you're as busy as ever.
Tennouji: Okabe! Buy a CRT.
Rintaro: No thanks. I'm not some kind of retro TV otaku. I'd rather buy an LCD.
UNSPOKEN: I look around the store as I answer. ...Huh. I just thought of something. Like SERN's Large Hadron Collider, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) must have some kind of electron feed to keep the black hole open. SERN calls this feed the 'lifter'. We still haven't figured out what that is, nor what could be acting as a substitute lifter in our time machine. What if... What if our lifter is somewhere in this shop? Whatever it is must be in close proximity to the PhoneWave (name subject to change) -- it couldn't work otherwise -- and the Braun Tube Workshop is located directly below the lab. Could our lifter be a CRT?
Tennouji: You've been having a lotta girls over lately, haven't ya?
Rintaro: Just the usual members.
Suzuha: I was over the other day.
Tennouji: Invite me next time, huh? I wanna talk to some young girls for a change.
Nae: Daddy, that's dirty.
Tennouji: N-no it isn't! It's, uh... marketing! Yeah, I'm looking for new customers!
UNSPOKEN: Check out this scary-looking guy trying desperately to explain himself to his daughter. Hilarious.
Suzuha: What do you mean, for a change? You talk to me every day.
Rintaro: You're not young.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's the same age as Daru and I, which makes her older than Mayuri or Kurisu.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Only the truth.
Tennouji: Nae, your father is happy as long as he has you. Okay?
Nae: Yup. I know. But don't say dirty things anymore, 'kay?
Tennouji: It's a promise!
UNSPOKEN: Then he joins pinkies with his daughter. Damn, Mister Braun, you're way off character. How does a guy like him produce a daughter like that? Nae is one of the kindest, gentlest girls I've ever met. I don't know why she's so afraid of me, though. Anyway, I came here to explain that the building's about to shake. How do I avoid having my head ripped off? How many more earthquakes do you think this building can handle? No, that's way too obvious. An earthquake is coming! My magic eye, Reading Steiner, has seen it in the future. Escape while you still can! Yeah, that might work.
Suzuha: Hey, did Shiina Mayuri stay over yesterday?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Suzuha: So... Makise Kurisu stayed too?
Rintaro: Yeah. They're both upstairs.
Suzuha: Oh...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's hostility towards Kurisu hasn't abated.
Rintaro: And how are you doing?
Suzuha: Huh?
Rintaro: Are you feeling better?
Suzuha: Oh. Yeah, I guess. The search continues.
Tennouji: Huh? What's this about, part-timer?
Suzuha: I'm searching for my dad. I told you before, remember?
Tennouji: Oh, right. Go find her old man, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Why does he think he can boss me around?
Rintaro: Hmph, naturally. Suzuha's a fellow lab member. Leave it to us.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks at me with a smile that shines through the gloom filling the store.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro... we're the same age, but sometimes you seem a lot older. You really know how to give people strength.
UNSPOKEN: That's the first time anyone's said that to me. It makes me kinda happy.
Rintaro: Heh, of course. I am the great Hououin Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: The chipmunk cowers in terror as I unveil my madness. I can see tears pooling in her eyes. I guess my aura is just too powerful for a grade-school girl to endure.
Tennouji: Okabe. Next time you scare Nae, I'll kill ya.
Rintaro: S-sorry...
Suzuha: Come here a sec.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha takes my arm and leads me away from the Tennoujis, who have gone back to watching TV.
Suzuha: I just want to say... Be circumspect in your dealings with Makise Kurisu.
Rintaro: What?
UNSPOKEN: Circumspect? Why can't she just say careful like a normal person? Not that I'm one to talk.
Rintaro: This again? Aren't you just being paranoid?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shakes her head firmly.
Suzuha: No. Her perniciousness has been proven.
UNSPOKEN: Perniciousness? Is she saying Kurisu is dangerous? There's something strange about the way Suzuha is talking, and it's not just her fondness for uncommon words. There's something else. Something...
Suzuha: Her genius is a threat. At heart, she only cares about her experiments.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's eyes are hard, and her voice is as cold as ice. I can tell that she means every word she says.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What!?
UNSPOKEN: No. That's impossible. SERN is our enemy. If Daru's hacking is discovered, I have no doubt they will do everything in their power to destroy us. How can Kurisu be connected to SERN?
Rintaro: You're saying she's a spy?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha nods firmly.
Suzuha: The credit for inventing the time machine was hers.
UNSPOKEN: Again, Suzuha's words sound strange to my ears, but I still can't place my finger on why.
Suzuha: Don't let your guard down.
UNSPOKEN: I don't believe it. I saw Kurisu's anger when she learned what SERN had been doing. She called their actions a betrayal of scientists everywhere. How can someone with such a pure love of science be connected to SERN? But if what Suzuha says is true... Could she be the one who sent that threatening email? I suspected Moeka, but...
Nae: Kyah...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, the ground starts to shake. Kurisu started the experiment!? But I haven't talked to Mister Braun yet!
Rintaro: Damn, it's too soon!
Tennouji: OKABE!
UNSPOKEN: Sure enough, veins on Mister Braun's forehead swell in response to the shaking.
Tennouji: How many times do I have tell you not to shake the building!? Cute girls or no, I ain't letting you off. Your rent's going up!
Rintaro: Wait, Mister Braun! This isn't our doing! It's an earthquake! My magic eye, Reading Steiner, predicted this would happen!
Tennouji: An earthquake!? You think I'll fall for that!?
UNSPOKEN: The shaking gets more intense, knocking over a CRT.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Crap. I can't talk my way out of this one.
Tennouji: Okabe, you bastard!
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun clearly wants to snap my neck like a twig, but he elects to protect his greatest treasure -- the 42-inch CRT -- instead. He grabs the remote and switches it off, then grabs hold of the TV and hangs on for dear life.
Nae: Hauww...
Suzuha: Is it over?
Tennouji: Looks like it.
UNSPOKEN: Wait... it's over? I carefully step through the rubble and take the remote from the dazed Mister Braun's hand. I press the red power button. The 42-inch CRT instantly comes to life. I stare at the image on the screen... and smile.
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh.
Nae: ...!
Suzuha: ...What's wrong?
Rintaro: Muhaha. Muhahahaha! MUHAHAHAHAHA! I've done it! I'VE DONE IT! This is the lifter! It's so obvious! Why didn't I see it before!? Of course... this must be the work of Steins Gate! It chose this moment for a reason!
Tennouji: What the hell are you laughing about, Okabe? You're scaring my daughter! I'm raising your rent, you hear!? And you're paying for that CRT!
Rintaro: A little silence please, Mister Braun! This is a most glorious moment, for I have just been chosen as the ruler of all space and time! MUHAHAHAHAHA! Guh!
UNSPOKEN: Stars explode behind my eyes as Mister Braun drives his fist into the top of my head. The world spins. I struggle to get ahold of my shaken brain.
Rintaro: You... dare lay hands on the great...
Tennouji: Got somethin' to say?
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh... well then, Mister Braun... put it on my tab!
UNSPOKEN: With that, I fly out of the workshop. I rub my head. It hurts like hell. Damn that Mister Braun. Did he really have to crack me so hard? Maybe I should report him for assault. Thanks to his brutality, I had to make a strategic retreat. Fortunately, I did not emerge empty handed. The extra ten thousand yen a month will hurt, but in exchange, I have acquired information essential to the success of my plan.
Rintaro: All's well that ends well! Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Okarin! The building just shook. Are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Kurisu appear in the second story window.
Kurisu: Looks like you really are unkillable.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. I have seen the future, Christina. In three minutes, you will be on your knees praising my greatness!
Kurisu: I don't think so.
UNSPOKEN: I run up the stairs.
Kurisu: How could you miss something so obvious?
UNSPOKEN: When I tell Kurisu about the 42-inch CRT downstairs, that is her first reaction.
Rintaro: Why are you blaming me?
Kurisu: ...I'm not blaming you. I'm just disappointed that nobody, including myself, noticed.
Itaru: We missed the forest for the trees.
Rintaro: To summarize... Just now, when the PhoneWave (name subject to change) shook the building, the 42-inch CRT was on. But when Mister Braun turned the TV off, the shaking stopped immediately.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: I'm glad. We shouldn't waste food.
UNSPOKEN: Nobody replies to Mayuri's off-point statement. We're busy reading about cathode ray tubes on the Internet. It doesn't take long before we find something interesting. A cathode ray tube has a component called an electron gun, which uses extreme heat and a strong electric field to accelerate electrons and turn them into a beam. The electron beam striking the TV screen's phosphor layer is what generates the picture. An electron gun could certainly work as a lifter.
Kurisu: We've found the answer. The electrons emitted by the 42-inch CRT are holding the PhoneWave's black hole open. And the discharge phenomenon is the result.
Itaru: So the reason we can't use the PhoneWave at night is because the Braun Tube Workshop's closed?
UNSPOKEN: The Braun Tube Workshop doesn't have especially strict business hours, but it's usually open from around 11 AM to 7 PM. That matches up perfectly with my observation that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) only works between noon and 6 PM. The few instances it hasn't worked during that timeframe can be explained by the TV being off.
Rintaro: But how can a cathode ray tube emit such a strong electron stream?
Kurisu: It's not about having a strong electron stream. If stronger were better, SERN would've solved the lifter problem long ago.
UNSPOKEN: I see. So it can't be too strong or too weak. By freak coincidence, the 42-inch CRT's electron gun appears to have exactly the right level of electron discharge. That's the only explanation.
Kurisu: Somehow, the conditions here were perfect to create a time machine. Frankly, it's a miracle.
Rintaro: No, Christina! Not a miracle! This is the choice of Steins Gate!
UNSPOKEN: Rather than glare at me as she has so many times in the past, Kurisu shoots me an exasperated smile.
Kurisu: Whatever it is, it worked.
Mayuri: Umm...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks up from her costume with a question in her eyes.
Mayuri: So, um, what do we have to do to complete Super PhoneWave-chan?
Kurisu: Now that we've found the cause, there's nothing left to hold us back. We can safely conclude that time leaping is possible when, and only when, that television is on.
Itaru: We should probably test it, right? And there's still the final check of the PhoneWave to do.
Kurisu: You're right. Okabe.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: Go downstairs and turn that TV back on.
Rintaro: Ha. Ha. Ha. That's hilarious, Christina. Allow me to dub that... Mission: Impossible!
UNSPOKEN: I'm not going back down there. My head still hurts from last time! Next time, I doubt I'll make it out alive.
Kurisu: Whatever. Just go already.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu orders me with a sour look. It's like I'm the assistant here.
Kurisu: If anyone can do it, it's you. You made an amazing discovery just now, didn't you?
Rintaro: Assistant mine... have you finally recognized my greatness as a mad scientist?
Kurisu: No.
Rintaro: Ah.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Oh, whoops. I was supposed to flatter him so he'd feel like going, right? Yes, you're an amazing mad scientist.
Rintaro: It's too late!
Kurisu: Anyway, now that we've found the lifter, the time leap machine is 99% complete.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's expression suddenly turns serious, but I can see the hunger in her eyes and the flush of excitement on her cheeks. She knows that we stand on the threshold of a new age in science, and she cannot resist the lure of the unknown. She's a true scientist. No doubt about it.
Kurisu: It's your dream, isn't it? To invent a time machine.
UNSPOKEN: Our dream... I've never really thought about it that way. But she's right. My hands are shaking. Not from fear of Mister Braun, but from excitement.
Rintaro: I will become the undisputed lord of time. With that power, I will shatter the System and Chaos will rule the--
Kurisu: Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu interrupts my speech.
Kurisu: I wasn't asking Hououin Kyouma. I was asking Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: She spears me with her gaze. I meet it head on. After a few moments, I feel my mouth curve into a smile.
Rintaro: I'll do it. Leave it to me.
UNSPOKEN: With that, I head downstairs. A cracked skull and an empty wallet are a small price to pay for science. Kurisu and Daru send me off with applause for some reason. Mayuri's the only one who looks worried, but I pat her head in reassurance. When I get downstairs, Suzuha and the chipmunk are sitting side by side on the bench outside.
Suzuha: 'Sup.
UNSPOKEN: Nae gives me a quick bow, then hides behind Suzuha.
Suzuha: That shaking upstairs put the boss in a bad mood. Nae and I are waiting it out.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. Now I really don't want to go in there.
Nae: Um... are you okay? Dad hit you pretty hard...
Rintaro: I'll have you know that my brain is more valuable than the Mona Lisa! Your father may have set humanity back a hundred years by wiping out my brain cells.
Suzuha: Such a regrettable loss.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha clasps her hands in solemn prayer. Uh, I'm not dead. Just my brain cells.
Nae: I'm sorry... Daddy did something bad...
Rintaro: Chipmunk... what a gentle heart you have!
UNSPOKEN: I can't believe she's Mister Braun's daughter.
Rintaro: I suppose I share some of the blame. Your father and I are even.
UNSPOKEN: Nae smiles slightly at my words of comfort.
Rintaro: Now then, Part-Time Warrior. I have a request of you. I need you to distract Mister Braun for about five seconds.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's eyes start to shine.
Suzuha: You mean seduce him?
UNSPOKEN: She flexes her bicep for some reason.
Suzuha: Go on, touch it.
UNSPOKEN: She insists, so I poke it. It's just as hard as her confidence suggests. ...She's probably stronger than me. But I don't understand what flexing has to do with seduction.
Rintaro: Nobody said anything about seduction. It doesn't matter how you do it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I see. Then I leave it in your capable hands.
Suzuha: Okey-dokey!
Nae: Suzuha? Don't be mean to Daddy, okay?
Suzuha: Ahaha! Don't worry. I won't be mean.
Rintaro: Indeed.
UNSPOKEN: I want to complain that he's the one being mean, but I just said we were even, so I refrain.
Suzuha: Wait here, Nae.
UNSPOKEN: The chipmunk nods. When we enter the store, we find Mister Braun cleaning up the pieces of the broken CRT. When our eyes meet, another vein pops on his forehead.
Tennouji: If you came to apologize, I'll listen. But your rent's going up, understand?
Rintaro: I'm sorry about what happened. I overreacted. As a token of apology, my lab's representative, Amane Suzuha, would like to present you with a gift.
Suzuha: Boss... get ready!
UNSPOKEN: With a vigorous shout, which in no way seems appropriate for seduction, Suzuha whips off her jacket and--
Suzuha: Yaah!
UNSPOKEN: Throws it into Mister Braun's face.
Tennouji: Mwoah!?
UNSPOKEN: I can see her bra! No, wait! That's not a bra, but a tight tank top that leaves her midriff bare. Yet Suzuha shows no sign of embarrassment as she rushes Mister Braun.  She slips behind him, grabs her coat, and pulls it tight against his face.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro, now's your chance!
UNSPOKEN: Now wait just a second. Is this your idea of seduction? It looks like you're trying to suffocate him!
Suzuha: Hurry!
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun flails his arms, trying to escape Suzuha's restraint. There's a huge difference in strength between the two. It's only a matter of time before he shakes Suzuha off.
Rintaro: W-well done, Warrior! Your heroism will be remembered!
UNSPOKEN: Realizing that the only choice is to go for it, I dash to the counter, grab the remote, and switch on the 42-inch CRT. After about two seconds, an image appears on the giant screen. At the same time, the ceiling starts shaking. Kurisu activated the PhoneWave (name subject to change) with perfect timing.
Tennouji: Mmm, mmmmmhmh! Mhmhmhmhmhhmh![linebreak]MhmhhmhmhmmhmhmhhhhmmhmhmHmhm!
Suzuha: It's shaking again, Okabe Rintaro. What's going on?
UNSPOKEN: Did she really take off her clothes without knowing why?
Rintaro: You're a lifesaver, Part-Time Warrior! If you can, keep him restrained for ten more seconds!
UNSPOKEN: During that time, I escape from the store. Outside, Nae's following earthquake drill procedure, crouching while protecting her head. I ignore that and look up to the second floor. At exactly the same time, Kurisu appears in the window and gives me a happy thumbs up. But a second later, she blushes, shoots me a glare, and disappears inside as if nothing happened. What's with her attitude? I'm risking my life here! In any case, the experiment was a success. The 42-inch CRT was the key, as I suspected. ...Now, how do I explain this to Mister Braun? I don't want him to kick us out of the building. Perhaps I shouldn't have left it to Suzuha... I timidly peek into the store to gauge the situation.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Fwapp!
Itaru: I got a fwapp!
Kurisu: Stop it already, perv.
UNSPOKEN: I follow Mayuri's directions and spread the costume out by the sleeves.
Mayuri: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: She inspects it from a few paces away. It's hard to believe, given her usual ditziness. but Mayuri is very serious about her art. That's why cosplayers value her costumes so highly. The costume I'm holding now is custom-made for Lukako. I thought Lukako was against it, but I guess Mayuri managed to persuade her.
Mayuri: Okay. Thanks!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks tired. She's been working all night. But that doesn't dim the brightness of her satisfied smile.
Mayuri: Finished♪
Rintaro: It's done?
Mayuri: Yup. I finished before Chris-chan. We were racing.
Kurisu: You win, Mayuri. Congratulations.
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, assistant... She treats me and Daru like garbage, but Mayuri gets the sisterly touch.
Kurisu: Actually, I'm just about finished too.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu connects the two cords she's holding.
Kurisu: Done.
UNSPOKEN: Celebration is in order. ...But nobody cheers.
Mayuri: It's a tie...
Itaru: Man, I'm tired... I want Faris-tan to comfort me...
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I don't feel like cheering either. And it's not because I'm tired. We worked around the clock for three straight days to finish the time leap machine, but now that it is complete, I realize that part of me never truly believed it would happen. I feel my enthusiasm cooling rapidly, the fire quenched by one stark question. What do we do with it? I look at Kurisu. She, too, seems less than enthused. 
Kurisu: We may have created a monster here...
UNSPOKEN: I look at the improved PhoneWave (name subject to change) again. The biggest change is the headgear attached to the X68000. It looks like something out of a low-budget cyberpunk movie. Fortunately, we don't need nerve jacks or brain chips for it to work. You just put it on and let the sensors do the rest.
Rintaro: Why don't we decide what to call it first? I vote Heavenly Express!
Itaru: PhoneWave 3rd Edition ver1. 00.
Mayuri: Silly Hat PhoneWave-chan.
UNSPOKEN: No consensus.
Kurisu: You guys have too much free time.
Rintaro: Does that mean you're abstaining from the vote?
Kurisu: ...Time Leap Machine.
Itaru: That's terrible.
Kurisu: C-come on! Simple is best, right? I mean, that's what Okabe's been calling it for the past two days.
Rintaro: Looks like my assistant has zero naming sense.
Kurisu: I don't want to hear that from a chuunibyou headcase like you.
Itaru: Oh-ho! So Makise-shi knows the word chuunibyou... I sense your otaku level is quite high.
Kurisu: I... heard it from a friend. I have no idea where it comes from!
UNSPOKEN: Hah! A baldfaced lie. She should just confess to being an @channeler. Kurisu meets my grin with an icy glare.
Rintaro: It's up to you, Mayuri. Choose one.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Hmmm... I think Time Leap Machine is fine. Silly Hat PhoneWave-chan is super close though...
Itaru: Somehow I knew she'd say that.
Kurisu: Like I said, simple is best. Mayuri gets it.
Mayuri: Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: I want to object, but it's an unwritten rule not to complain once Mayuri's made a decision.
Rintaro: Very well. Time Leap Machine it is. Assistant! Explain for us all how the Time Leap Machine works.
UNSPOKEN: I know the basics, but I want to hear details. Kurisu nods and stands in front of the whiteboard.
Kurisu: In short, this device converts memories to data and sends them to the past. Let's begin with what we all know. By freak coincidence, the PhoneWave is able to produce ring singularities, much like John Titor's time machine. Through the ring singularity, we are able to send up to 36 bytes of data to the past. The signal can only be received by phones. While that does limit the range of effect, it also removes an element of uncertainty from the equation. Unlike D-Mails, memory data is sent in the form of a phone call, so we will be using a phone number, not an email address, to set the destination. The ring singularity is made naked and stable by a device known as a lifter. In our case, that's the 42-inch CRT downstairs.
UNSPOKEN: She's explained the basics. Next, she'll explain the modifications she made to turn the PhoneWave (name subject to change) into a time leap machine.
Kurisu: The PhoneWave now has headgear attached. This headgear records the nerve impulses in the temporal lobe of the brain -- specifically, the CA3 region of the hippocampus, where memories are stored. Then, using VR technology, we encode the nerve impulses into electrical signal data.
Itaru: It comes out to approximately 3. 24 terabytes.
UNSPOKEN: 3. 24 terabytes... It's less than I expected. We're talking about the entirety of a person's memories.
Kurisu: By the way, we'll set it up so that the data decodes automatically after a certain amount of time. Anybody well versed in programming can do this. I had Hashida make the code. Anyway, next we send the memory data through the net to the LHC in France.
UNSPOKEN: This building has a direct line to SERN for some reason, so we can transfer data at insanely high speeds.
Rintaro: How long does it take to send 3. 24 terabytes of data?
Itaru: We have 64 direct lines in parallel. So if we send it in 64 parts... It should upload in about 45 seconds.
UNSPOKEN: That's... pretty fast.
Kurisu: Next, we hijack the LHC, create a mini black hole, and use that black hole's supergravity to compress the data into 36 bytes.
UNSPOKEN: 3 terabytes is about 3 trillion bytes. Compressing that into just 36 bytes... That's one hell of a squeeze.
Rintaro: Will the compression take long?
Itaru: It's practically instantaneous. 23 milliseconds or thereabouts. We're using a black hole, after all.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: It has to make it back to the X68000 and into the PhoneWave within that window. It's only 36 bytes. Shouldn't be a problem.
Rintaro: Continue, Christina.
Kurisu: While the data is being compressed, we use the PhoneWave to generate a Kerr ring singularity. When the electron discharge phenomenon occurs, we take the 36-byte data, patch it in... And send it to the past. This part is just like a D-Mail. The data travels to the specified time, where it arrives at the recipient's phone. By now, 23 milliseconds should have passed, so the data will be fully decompressed. Next, the decoding program runs, converting the data back into nerve impulse signals. These signals are discharged from the phone's earpiece at approximately 0. 02 amperes, a pretty weak charge. If the recipient has the phone to his ear, they should go straight into his brain.
Rintaro: Assuming he answers his phone.
Kurisu: If he doesn't, the transfer fails. Fortunately, we lose nothing but that copy of the memory data.
Rintaro: Why a phone call instead of an email?
Kurisu: Because we need the recipient to put the phone to his ear. Otherwise the signals won't reach his temporal lobe.
UNSPOKEN: She indicates the side of her head.
Kurisu: In this area you have the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain. As I explained before, the hippocampus, where memories are stored, is inside the temporal lobe. The phone sends out electrical impulses that pass through the temporal lobe and into the hippocampus, overwriting the recipient's memories. At the same time, the phone sends impulses that stimulate the frontal lobe as well. This is important. Remember that the frontal lobe is responsible for sending retrieval signals to the temporal lobe. This is how you remember things. By stimulating the frontal lobe, we force it to send retrieval signals keyed to the new memory data. Thus, the recipient recalls all of those memories as if they were his own. Which, of course, they are, or will be in the future. This happens in less than a second. Now the recipient has the same memories as the sender. The time leap is complete. If the data came from one week in the future, the recipient will 'remember' that week as if he experienced it firsthand. We need to be aware that consciousness and personality aren't transferred. Both of those depend on the recipient.
Itaru: Explain it with boobs.
Kurisu: B-boobs!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu dissolves into a blushing, stammering mess. Looks like it's up to me to answer Daru's question. Not with boobs, obviously.
Rintaro: Let's say we send your memories to you in grade school. Right now, you're some kind of omnisexual pervert who thinks inanimate objects are hot. But in elementary school, you were still an innocent child.
Itaru: I was a boring little bastard who did nothing but study, what of it?
Rintaro: Basically, that little bastard would suddenly have all your perverted memories, but his personality wouldn't change. It's not like you'll become that famous anime detective with 'the looks of a child and the brains of an adult'.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: This isn't like the time-leaping you see in sci-fi novels. We aren't yet capable of transferring personality and consciousness.
Kurisu: Ahem. Um, since you need a phone to receive the signal, you can only send memories to the times you had one. We also need to make sure that the sender and recipient are the same person. If someone besides your past self -- your parents, or a friend, for instance -- answers the phone, then the nerve impulse signals will be projected into their brain instead. If that happens, your memories could overwrite theirs, which could obviously cause serious damage to their psyche.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ends her explanation and takes a short breath. The lab falls into silence. I exchange glances with Kurisu and Daru. I look at Mayuri, but her expression is blank. I guess it was too complicated for her.
Rintaro: So.
UNSPOKEN: I clear my throat. It's time for the million dollar question.
Rintaro: What do we do with it?
Itaru: Do with what?
Rintaro: The Time Leap Machine, of course. What do we do with it?
UNSPOKEN: For once, my assistant has nothing to say. I already know that she fears we've created a monster. Honestly, I feel the same way. After a few moments, Kurisu finally speaks.
Kurisu: It's too much for us to handle, that's for sure. The safest thing would be to hand it over to the government for professional research.
UNSPOKEN: I can tell that she's not pleased to have reached this conclusion. She obviously would prefer to experiment with this technology. After all, it's humanity's first time machine. We've finally taken our first steps towards godhood. I'm sure that the nations of the world would pay billions for just one look at our machine. The possibilities that it represents are limitless.
Itaru: It just doesn't feel real.
Mayuri: Mayushii doesn't get it...
Itaru: That's 'cause you didn't work on it, Mayu-shi.
Mayuri: Oh, right. Ehehe!
Kurisu: What about you, Okabe? And I mean you, not Hououin Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: I agree with Kurisu that the Time Leap Machine is dangerous. On the other hand...
Rintaro: I want to experiment.
UNSPOKEN: I state my honest feelings. Kurisu gasps.
Rintaro: But there are still questions we need to answer.
UNSPOKEN: This is unknown territory -- not just for us, but for all of humanity.
Rintaro: ...Who will time leap?
UNSPOKEN: I look to each of the lab mems in turn. Daru quickly looks away. Mayuri's expression is blank. Kurisu... stares right back at me.
Kurisu: ...It's hard to choose.
Itaru: I'll pass.
Mayuri: ...?
UNSPOKEN: Not a single person here wants the honor of being history's first time traveler. Everyone -- except for Mayuri -- is probably thinking about what could go wrong. What if the time leap were to fail?
Kurisu: It's not like SERN's time machine. The possibility of becoming a jellyman is zero. This machine sends data, not the real thing. Don't let your preconceptions influence your decision. You might say it's like a cut-and-paste of your brain. Actually, it's more like a copy-paste. And it's just your memories. The original doesn't get erased.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What if there's an error somewhere, and the data itself gets fractalized? Let's say I send my memories an hour into the past. My memories would be replaced by fractalized data. In other words, data full of tiny holes. Couldn't that cause memory loss?
Kurisu: ...I suppose.
Rintaro: One hour later, we arrive once again at the present. At that time, the me who lost his memories an hour ago and the current me conflict in my brain. Which data set survives?
Kurisu: ...Logically, the present should change as soon as you send your memories to the past.
UNSPOKEN: The conflicting current me disappears, then.
Rintaro: So then it's not a copy-paste at all, is it?
Kurisu: I don't know. No one's ever experienced time travel before.
Rintaro: When we send a D-Mail, the world is reconstructed based on the change we made to the past.
UNSPOKEN: I'm the only one who's aware of this, however.
Kurisu: We don't know what happens when you time leap. If it's the many-worlds interpretation like Titor said, then the instant you time leap, it creates two possibilities -- one where you shift to another worldline, and one where you travel back in time on the same worldline. Of course, there must also be a worldline where the current you doesn't disappear. That would likely correspond to the present that we are experiencing right now.
Mayuri: ???
UNSPOKEN: But that's only if the many-worlds interpretation holds in the first place.
Rintaro: I thought you didn't believe what Titor had to say.
Kurisu: I'm talking hypothetically. Titor doesn't matter right now. If it's the Copenhagen interpretation, then every possible state propagates through space as a wave function. When a particular state is observed, the remaining states collapse and that state is fixed.
UNSPOKEN: But precise observation is impossible.
Rintaro: The problem is who the observer is in this case.
Itaru: Wouldn't it be a third party? Like me, or Mayu-shi.
Mayuri: ...?
Rintaro: Not necessarily. It might be me. It might be someone else. It could even be God.
UNSPOKEN: To begin with, the Copenhagen interpretation and the many-worlds interpretation are both micro-scale theories used to explain quantum interactions. No one knows whether they can be applied to humans, or to the world at large. What about my personal experiences with Reading Steiner? If Reading Steiner is the sort of power I think it is, then the worldline model is correct.
Rintaro: In the end, we arrive at the question of 'where is the self?'
Kurisu: This Time Leap Machine only sends memories. That, I guarantee.
Itaru: Won't the present be reconstructed at the moment of transfer? That's what happens with Okarin's Reading Steiner, right?
Rintaro: That makes sense where D-Mails are concerned. When we send a D-Mail, we're obviously interfering in past events. But time leaping is different. All you do is send your memories to the past, which isn't the same thing as sending a targeted D-Mail. Whether the me who suddenly 'remembers' one hour into the future will, in fact, change the past is something we can't know until it happens.
Itaru: I'm getting confused. It sounds like we're talking about the soul. Isn't that a religious question?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: How can you be sure?
Kurisu: ...Well, I can't. Nobody's tried it before.
UNSPOKEN: This discussion's going nowhere. Personality and consciousness can't be strictly defined, so it's hard to imagine what might happen.
Mayuri: So, which is it?
Kurisu: We don't know. We can argue the theories all we want, but in the end, we can only guess. This experiment may end up shattering preconceptions scientists and philosophers have held for centuries.
UNSPOKEN: We won't know until we try. That pretty much sums it up. To make matters worse, the subject must be prepared to risk damage to their psyche. Kurisu, Daru, and I say no more. We can't solve this problem. This is our limit as scientists. But haven't we accomplished enough already? The Time Leap Machine itself is worthy of a Nobel Prize. We could sell this technology for billions, if we so chose. And if we go public with the Time Leap Machine, we can break SERN's monopoly on time travel technology. That's enough. It has to be.
Mayuri: Hey...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, who has been observing the discussion with glassy eyes, opens her mouth to speak.
Mayuri: Um, I have an idea... Why don't we make a banana time leap instead?
Kurisu: Oh Mayuri... Bananas don't have brains like people do.
Mayuri: Oh... you need a brain, huh...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri never changes. The atmosphere in the room gets a little more relaxed.
Rintaro: Let's not experiment. We'll entrust the Time Leap Machine to a suitable research institution. Then we'll announce it to the world.
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to the lightening of the mood, I can finally say what was on my mind. Neither Kurisu nor Daru objects. No one has touched the Time Leap Machine since that discussion. Ridiculous as it sounds, I can't shake the feeling that it might suck my memories out and fling them into the past. Oh, the machine does have its appeal, of course. We're all tempted by the idea of becoming humanity's first time leapers. Yet the fear of what could happen won out in the end. Perhaps as a way to forget our fears and move on, we decide to hold a celebration to mark the completion of the device. Everyone feels the need to let loose after working so hard on the project. I have Daru order pizza while Kurisu and I go shopping for snacks. Akiba has always had a lack of supermarkets. That hasn't changed even with the anime stores gone. After we finish shopping, Kurisu and I walk along the evening streets. She looks like she's got something to say. She keeps stealing glances at me.
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: Upset?
UNSPOKEN: She frowns, like she didn't expect that question. Finally, she faces this way.
Rintaro: About our decision not to attempt a Time Leap experiment.
Kurisu: No, I'm not upset. 'Humans are temporal beings.' That's a Heidegger quote. I was actually relieved when you made the decision not to use the machine. If you hadn't been there, I might not have been able to stop myself. Thank you.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Uh, what are you doing?
Rintaro: You're talking like an assistant for a change. I thought you might have a fever.
UNSPOKEN: I drop my hand.
Kurisu: I'm not grateful to you or anything, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is louder than it should be, and several people glance at us. Kurisu blushes and hangs her head. If Daru were here, he'd probably get all excited and say, A real tsundere, sweet!
Kurisu: Anyway.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clears her throat and returns to her usual sour expression.
Kurisu: That 'thank you' was just a formality. Don't get me wrong, okay?
Rintaro: Of course. I only did what I had to. I am the founder of the Future Gadget Lab, Hououin Kyouma. My first priority is to protect the welfare of my lab mems. So I have no need for your thanks.
Kurisu: And yet you always talk about plunging the world into chaos.
Rintaro: You are my allies, and the world is my enemy.
Kurisu: I'm speechless. You're too self-righteous.
Rintaro: You say 'speechless,' yet you're speaking?
Kurisu: Don't argue semantics.
UNSPOKEN: It's quite mysterious, really... It's only been two weeks since Kurisu and I met. And yet it already feels natural for us to be walking together, exchanging banter like this. Perhaps pooling our efforts to create something new -- dangerous though it may be -- has brought us closer together. I admit that her knowledge and skills are impressive. I'd like her to remain at the lab if at all possible, but she said she's going back to America this month. It's already the 13th, so I wonder when she plans to return. I decide to ask her.
Kurisu: Oh yeah, I forgot to get a plane ticket. I got too caught up in improving the PhoneWave.
Rintaro: Going public with the Time Leap Machine will send the world into an uproar. We also plan to expose SERN, remember? You may not be able to go back to America for some time.
Kurisu: I guess you're right. I should call Mama and let her know.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like things are going to get busy. Naturally, I want Kurisu to stay with us to the end. A little bit after we return to the lab, Mayuri gets back. 
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ I'm back!
UNSPOKEN: Seems Mayuri went to Lukako's. Suzuha shows up a few minutes later, and our development council comes to order. Daru ordered three pizzas. We also line up all the snacks we bought on the table. It's just like the party we had a few days ago to cheer up Suzuha. Mayuri wanted to decorate the room, but since everyone's tired, I dismissed it as unnecessary. Looks like Suzuha managed to retrieve her jacket from Mister Braun.
Suzuha: Man, that was terrible. I was stuck looking like an exhibitionist all day.
UNSPOKEN: The Braun Tube Workshop's closed. Suzuha made sure the 42-inch CRT was turned off, so there's no need to fear any malfunction from the Time Leap Machine. A heavy sigh escapes my throat. I realize that I've been tense and nervous since the Time Leap Machine was completed. Now I can finally relax. The topic of the Time Leap Machine has become taboo. Even Kurisu doesn't bring it up during the meeting.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I open the pizza boxes to find the exact same ones he got for Suzuha's party.
Itaru: Because I like it.
UNSPOKEN: Naturally, I'm not amused.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin. I called Feris-chan and Luka-chan, but they said they couldn't come.
Rintaro: Oh. Do they have plans?
Mayuri: Feris-chan has a RaiNet tournament.
Itaru: Crap, I should've gone to cheer! How careless of me!
Mayuri: And Luka-chan seemed embarrassed for some reason.
Kurisu: Maybe she thinks you'll make her wear a costume again.
Rintaro: You still haven't convinced her to cosplay?
UNSPOKEN: Then what was the point of completing the costume?
Mayuri: She said it was embarrassing. I keep telling her 'Cuteness is Justice', but she never listens.
Kurisu: 'Cuteness is Justice'... is that what they say?
Mayuri: You're cute too, Chris-chan!
Kurisu: Hah? Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn't know how to react. She blushes, and Mayuri starts teasing her like a drunk old man. There's no alcohol at this party, of course.
Mayuri: Hey, ComiMa's coming up. Wanna go? I can't make something new, but I have a costume of Post-Awakening Seira from Blood Tune I made last year. I think the size is just right for Chris-chan too.
Kurisu: Me, cosplay?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks conflicted. Then she murmurs--
Kurisu: I'm sorta interested.
UNSPOKEN: She sure could have fooled us before, pretending to have no interest in otaku culture.
Kurisu: But I refuse to do it in public, though.
Mayuri: You don't have to show anyone, but eventually, you'll want them to see. The cosplay demon compels you!
UNSPOKEN: The... cosplay demon?
Mayuri: That reminds me. Chris-chan, you're always wearing that cute uniform. What school is it from?
Kurisu: Oh, this?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts up her necktie.
Kurisu: I attended Ayamein for about two weeks. I modeled this outfit after their uniform.
Mayuri: Oh! Their uniform is really cute, but you made it even cuter! You might have really good design sense♪ I'll bring the costume tomorrow, okay? Will you try it on then?
Kurisu: Sure.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu approves of the Cuteness is Justice philosophy.
Itaru: When's the photo shoot?
Kurisu: Good to know you're still a pervert, Hashida.
Itaru: Come on, it's Blood Tune's Seira! She's got 'panmoro' going on!
Kurisu: Panmoro?
Itaru: It means her panties are completely exposed!
Kurisu: N-no way...
Mayuri: It's okay♪ You might not know this, but last year, there was a really popular saying. 'They're not panties, so it's not embarrassing!'
Kurisu: It's plenty embarrassing, trust me!
Mayuri: Wear it, okay? It's a promise!
Suzuha: Maybe you shouldn't bother.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks, her tone sharp. She's scowling at Kurisu again. Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room changes.
Suzuha: You're asking for trouble by trusting Makise Kurisu.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Perhaps. But I know your true nature.
Kurisu: Wow, you can see into my heart? That's groundbreaking technology. I'd love to hear how it works.
Suzuha: It's not science. It's... a prediction.
Kurisu: So you're just making it up.
Suzuha: I know.
UNSPOKEN: Uh-oh, we've got a situation here.
Mayuri: Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri clings to me with teary eyes.
Mayuri: Stop them from fighting.
Rintaro: Heh... this looks like a job for the one and only Hououin Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: I insert myself between the two girls.
Rintaro: Break it up, you two! I, Hououin Kyouma, shall decide this dispute!
UNSPOKEN: They both glare at me. Although I'm afraid for my life, I harden my resolve. The mission must succeed. First, I focus on Kurisu.
Rintaro: Assistant! I didn't raise you this way.
Kurisu: You didn't raise me at all.
Rintaro: If you want to become a true mad scientist, you must learn to keep your emotions in check even as you cackle your way to victory!
Kurisu: Nobody asked you. And I'm already a scientist.
UNSPOKEN: Next, I switch focus to Suzuha.
Rintaro: Warrior! Your enemy is SERN, remember? You must conserve your strength for Ragnarok.
Suzuha: I warned you before, Okabe Rintaro. Makise Kurisu is a threat.
Rintaro: Wha--
UNSPOKEN: You're going to mention that here? Now?
Kurisu: Oh? What's this about, Okabe?
UNSPOKEN: Their eyes are like laser beams boring into my skull. I want nothing more than to flee for my life. But Mayuri's watching me anxiously. I need to defuse the situation.
Rintaro: MUHAHAHA! Looks like neither of you is willing to back down. So be it! Fight to your hearts' content! Fight until there is no more fight to be had! Then, share a manly handshake by the river and let friendship blossom! But in the future, when it comes time for you to venture out into the real world, I hope you remember one thing... Nobody likes a mood-killer!
Kurisu & Suzuha: Shut up!
UNSPOKEN: Getting yelled at by both of them at the same time sends shivers down my spine. It's coming. I quickly seize my right arm.
Rintaro: Gah! Why now, of all times!? Calm down, right arm of mine!
UNSPOKEN: I turn around and head back to Mayuri.
Rintaro: I'm sorry, Mayuri. At his rate, I'll end up hurting those two. I have no choice... the rest is up to you...
Mayuri: Geez...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puffs her cheeks out and goes over to the two girls.
Mayuri: Um, guys? Mayushii doesn't like it when you fight. Let's all get along, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Hearing this, the two combatants reluctantly comply. I expected this would happen. Mayuri is the oil that keeps the gears of this lab churning along. The throbbing in my right arm dissipates. Daru comes over to chat with Suzuha, and gradually peace returns to the lab. Kurisu is in the development room, making a call. Probably to her mother in America. I sit on the sofa and watch TV while sipping Dr P. The TV is running a game show where contestants guess the prices of popular items at high-class restaurants. Mayuri sits down next to me. She peels a banana and begins eating it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Hm?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri slowly looks around the lab, smiling all the while.
Mayuri: It's been really lively here these past few weeks, huh?
Rintaro: Yeah, I guess it has.
UNSPOKEN: I established the Future Gadget Laboratory around the time I entered college. It was the first step in my plan to bring chaos to the world. That was around the middle of March this year, which means it's been almost five months. Not half a month after it was established, Mayuri showed up -- I'm still not sure why -- and became a lab mem. For about a month, it was just me and Mayuri. Then, in early May, I finally got Daru to join. All it took was telling him that the lab is just a three minute walk from MayQueen+Nyan².  This location on the outskirts of Akiba has always been quiet. Mayuri isn't the type to object to every little thing like Kurisu, nor the type to make dumb jokes like Daru, so the lab was very peaceful back in those days. It was quite a pleasant place to be. And now the lab mem count has increased to eight. It happened in the blink of an eye, or so it seems. They didn't come today, but Lukako visits occasionally, and Faris is a familiar face at MayQueen+Nyan². Or at least she was before MayQueen disappeared. I remember feeling out of place the first time I came to Akiba, but now, it's like a second home.
Mayuri: It's fun♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, too, seems pleased by the increase in lab mems.
Mayuri: Um, now that there are eight lab mems, Mayushii thinks it's getting a little cramped in here. First, we don't have enough chairs.
UNSPOKEN: The sofa only has room for two. Then there's Daru's personal desk chair. Those are the only chairs in the lounge. There are some pipe chairs in the development room, but they need to stay there.
Mayuri: We should buy more. Do you have money, Okarin?
Rintaro: New chairs will take all my savings.
UNSPOKEN: Then I'd need to get a part-time job again.
Mayuri: I guess you can use some of my salary. We need a new microwave too. Otherwise, I can't warm up my Juicy Chicken Number One.
Rintaro: Yeah, sorry about that.
UNSPOKEN: Cutting off Mayuri's chicken supply might actually kill her.
Rintaro: But Mayuri. When we turn over the Time Leap Machine, the reward money will solve all of our problems.
Mayuri: Will it be enough to pay for chairs and a microwave on top of the higher rent?
Rintaro: It'll be enough. More than enough.
Mayuri: Wow! That's great, Okarin♪
Rintaro: Why are you so happy?
Mayuri: Just look. We've made so many friends. There's Daru-kun, Chris-chan, Luka-chan, Suzu-san, Moeka-san, Feris-chan, Braun-san, Nae-chan, and more!
UNSPOKEN: She gazes wistfully into the distance.
Mayuri: In the spring, when you started this lab, you seemed so lonely. But now you're fine. You don't need me to be your hostage anymore.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: What do you mean? I try to ask, but before I can finish-- An urgent news bulletin appears on the TV. The subtitles read Terrorist bomb threat suspends Yamanote, Sobu, Keihin-Tohoku lines.
Suzuha: A bomb threat?
Itaru: Hang on. Those lines all pass through Akiba. How is Mayu-shi gonna get home?
Mayuri: Oh yeah. I should call home.
UNSPOKEN: A bomb threat... I don't know why, but I've got a bad feeling about this. Only the lines passing through Akihabara are suspended, as if that were the target. Wait. Could that be it? Could the bomb be at Akihabara Station? I get a cold feeling in my stomach.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro. I need to know. You've completed the Time Leap Machine, right?
Rintaro: Huh? Well, yeah...
Suzuha: Okay. I just remembered I've got something to do. I'm going out.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha leaves the lab without another word.
Kurisu: What's wrong with her?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's acting strange. Is it related to the bomb threat? Why did she just ask about the Time Leap Machine? Something occurs to me. The two threatening emails I received... We're watching you. You know too much. Who sent them? And there's more. Words and images flash through my head. SERN. The LHC. Jellymen. The Z Program. Government secrets. The Organization. Men in black. The Committee of 300. The Time Leap Machine. What did Kurisu say?
Kurisu: We may have created a monster here...
UNSPOKEN: Taken separately, each of these elements was insignificant. But if I consider them part of a single line, they all point to one inescapable truth. We've come too far. Fear seizes my heart in an icy grip. I can feel anxiety eating at my brain. I can't breathe. Even though it's hot and humid, my body shivers. Should we run? Get out while we still can? We can't use the trains. What about the subway? Or would a taxi be better? Nobody's saying anything. Nobody's doing anything. What should we do? Suddenly, there's a softness against my hand. I look down to see Mayuri's hand holding mine. When I look up, I see worry written on her face. It's okay. I'm just being paranoid. It's all a coincidence. Tomorrow, we'll get rid of the Time Leap Machine. Then we can forget that all of this happened. Pretend it was just a dream. We never invented a time machine. I don't need money. As long as we can forget about today and welcome tomorrow. We'll be okay, won't we? But my anxiety doesn't go away. I look over Mayuri's head at the entrance to the lab. The door is unlocked. Anyone could just waltz right in. I hear sirens wailing a few streets away. The bomb threat has Akiba in an uproar. Yet here, in our corner of Akiba, it's so quiet. Mayuri squeezes my hand with her warm, slender fingers. I squeeze back. The next thing I know, the door slams open. Five men burst into the lab. Their movements are swift and sure -- professional -- and each of them is carrying a gun. They spread out just inside the door and aim their weapons at us. It all happens so fast, no one has time to scream. The men are foreigners, a mix of races, dressed casually in colorful shirts and shorts or jeans. But their arms are thick with muscle, and their eyes are hard and cold as ice. Two of them are holding pistols. The other three have assault rifles. AK-47s in Akiba? Is this some kind of joke? One thing is certain. These guys aren't tourists.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The dark-skinned, crew-cut man barks an order. It feels like I'm dreaming. Did I fall asleep watching an action movie? This is the first time so many people have gathered in this room. Suddenly, the lab feels small. What an odd thing to be thinking at a time like this. The first to obey is Daru. Then Kurisu raises her hands. Then me. Last is Mayuri. Silence. Time seems to grind to a halt. The men say nothing, but their guns remain steady, muzzles pointed at us. On the TV, a comedian laughs. What is this? Are we on candid camera? Then I hear a new sound coming from outside. The sound of high heels. A woman is coming up the stairs. Are these men waiting for her? Is she their leader? A squad of battle-hardened commandos lead by a beautiful woman. It's like something out of a manga. Nothing seems real. Before long, the woman appears.
Rintaro: Kiryu... Moeka...
UNSPOKEN: The part-time editor. The mail demon, Shining Finger, who is never seen without her phone. Lab Mem 005. Moeka? She's their leader? The least imposing woman I've ever met? Even now, she doesn't meet my stare. Her eyes are aimed down at the floor. What's going on here?
Mayuri: Um... Moeka-san?
Moeka: We're taking the time machine.
UNSPOKEN: As always, her words are barely audible.  It's ridiculous. Laughable. And yet, I can't laugh. My heart is a jackhammer in my chest. The inside of my mouth is drier than a desert. I stay still, with my hands in the air.
Moeka: Makise Kurisu, Okabe Rintaro, Hashida Itaru. The three of you will come with us.
UNSPOKEN: I don't understand. Why is Moeka here? I don't know, but I have to ask.
Rintaro: What's going on here?
Moeka: I can't answer that.
Rintaro: This is a joke... right?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka shakes her head.
Moeka: You don't need to know. You can't resist. Come with us.
Rintaro: W-where?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I'm n-not going anywhere until you answer.
Moeka: You can't refuse. You have nowhere to run. We have men stationed throughout Akihabara.
UNSPOKEN: Wait... Something clicks in my head. It was them. They sent the bomb threat. They stopped the trains. Why? To keep us here? Just for that?
Moeka: I don't want to hurt anyone. The three of you, come with us.
Kurisu: Why...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, who has kept silent until now, finally opens her mouth.
Kurisu: Why just the three of us?
UNSPOKEN: That's when I realize that Mayuri wasn't included in Moeka's demand. She only wants Kurisu, Daru, and me.
Moeka: I'm not answering your questions. Come with us. It's your only choice.
UNSPOKEN: We're not getting anywhere.
Itaru: O-Okarin...
UNSPOKEN: Daru's voice is shaking. I turn my head to look at him. He's deathly pale.
Itaru: D-don't you think we should do what she says?
Rintaro: But unless she tells me the reason...
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I have no idea what to do. My heart is still fluttering in my chest. This seems more like a dream than reality. I'm not a military otaku. I've never seen a real gun. The black shine of their weapons looks somehow tacky. They lack the imposing feel you expect. I'd believe her if she told me they were fake. Mayuri suddenly speaks up.
Mayuri: M-Moeka-san, you're a lab mem too... aren't you?
UNSPOKEN: It's as if Mayuri asked my question for me. Moeka was a strange woman, but I welcomed her as a lab mem all the same. What is she thinking right now? In answer... Moeka pulls a gun from her belt and points it at us. I realize that Moeka isn't holding her phone. This is the first time I've seen her without it. Not like that matters now. Moeka's gun hand is trembling. Is the situation affecting her too? It must be. She's terrified of talking to people.
Moeka: Our mission... Is to silence you.
UNSPOKEN: Silence us?
Moeka: Your refusal to come will change nothing.
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean she plans to kill us? Why? What did we do?
Rintaro: Who sent you? Who are you people!?
Moeka: We...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka suddenly lifts her head. For perhaps the third time since I've known her, she looks straight at me. Her eyes are dark and empty.
Moeka: ...are from SERN.
UNSPOKEN: SERN!?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka raises her voice in frustration.
Moeka: If you continue to resist, I'll have to resort to extreme measures.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka slowly raises her gun. She points the muzzle at... Mayuri. My whole body instantly goes cold.
Moeka: Shiina Mayuri is not needed.
Rintaro: Stop!
UNSPOKEN: I lunge at Moeka, but the dark-skinned man is faster.
Rintaro: Gah!
UNSPOKEN: Something strikes my chin with crushing force. The shock numbs my entire body. Stars explode behind my eyes. I fall to my knees, powerless to stand. Everything goes dark. What happened? Did he hit me with the butt of his rifle?
Mayuri: Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: I look up. Mayuri, face streaked with tears, is reaching out to me as if begging for help. Over her shoulder, I see Moeka ready her gun.
Kurisu: Mayuri! No!
UNSPOKEN: I try to yell Stop! but my voice catches in my throat. Nothing comes out but a pitiful wheeze. Someone. Anyone. Please. Stop her. Stop Moeka! Moeka's lips move. She's mumbling something.
Moeka: For SERN... for FB... for SERN... for FB...
UNSPOKEN: Her mouth opens and closes robotically. My blood curdles.  No! A sharp, dry crack splits the air. Time slows to a crawl. Moeka pulled the trigger. Blood spurts from Mayuri's forehead. It splashes across my face, wet and warm. Her delicate, frail body falls towards me. I catch her. Her body is limp, like a puppet with no strings. Her head and arms dangle lifelessly. The smell of gunpowder fills my nose. And then, the smell of blood.
Itaru: Wahhhhhhhhhhh!
UNSPOKEN: Daru clutches his head and falls to his knees, screaming at the top of his lungs. The sound jerks me back to my senses. In my arms, Mayuri takes one short, shallow breath. And then...
Mayuri: O...kari...
Rintaro: ...Mayuri?
Kurisu: No... no!
UNSPOKEN: She's dead. Mayuri's dead. Her face is covered in blood. Her blood stains my hands. It's warm.
Moeka: You three come with us. Now. No more warnings. Resist, and we'll kill you too.
UNSPOKEN: I hear a voice. But I can't comprehend what it's saying. What is this? What's going on here? Is this a joke? This is a dream, right? ...Right? I feel nothing. My mind is blank. I shake Mayuri's shoulder. Mayuri? Wake up, Mayuri. You'll catch cold if you sleep here. If you're tired, you can stay overnight. Or I can take you home, if you prefer. We'll ride the train back to Ikebukuro together, like we used to before Daru joined, when it was just the two of us. Memories of her smile whirl through my head, a thousand different smiles from a thousand different occasions. If I look away, she'll disappear. She always disappears. No, Mayuri. I still need you. Laugh for me - ehehe - like you always do. Greet me with your silly tutturu♪. Tell me it's a lie. Tell me you're alright. ...[linebreak]...[linebreak]Mayuri?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Red flames consume my mind, an inferno of rage and hate and rage and hate and the burning desire to kill everything I see. I gently lay the motionless Mayuri on the floor. I stand up. And then I fling myself at Moeka.
Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: But before I can take a step, someone grabs my hand from behind.
Kurisu: You can't!
Rintaro: Let me go! Let me go!
Kurisu: You can't! They'll kill you!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's gun is aimed at my head. Her finger is already on the trigger.
Rintaro: You gonna kill me too!?
Moeka: If you resist.
Kurisu: Please, Okabe, do what she says. Okay? Otherwise, they'll kill you too.
UNSPOKEN: I tear my hand from Kurisu's grip. My vision is a tunnel with Moeka on the other side. She won't get away with this. She killed Mayuri in cold blood. I'll do the same to her!
Kurisu: No!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka pulls the trigger.
Moeka: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: The sound of the shot smites upon my eardrums. I feel a sharp pain on the side of my head. I nearly lose my balance again. But I'm still alive. What happened? I realize that Moeka's gun is lying at her feet. Beside it is a small stone. Someone must have thrown it and knocked her gun aside.
???: Get down!
Attacker B: Gweh!!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Suzuha is there in the doorway, knocking one man down in the blink of an eye. Before anyone can react, she darts into another man's range and delivers a piercing elbow strike to his solar plexus. The man drops to his knees, gasping for air. The remaining men turn their guns on her, but she throws the incapacitated man towards them to block their aim. She then slides into the feet of the man at the rear, tripping him forward, and in a single smooth, flowing motion, drives her knee into the man's face as he falls.
Attacker A: Who the hell!?
UNSPOKEN: The dark-skinned man aims his rifle. But before he can fire, Suzuha snatches a stunned attacker's gun and shoots him.
Attacker A: Gwah!!
UNSPOKEN: Blood spurts from the man's hand. Without pausing, Suzuha leaps into the air and delivers a soaring roundhouse kick to his jaw.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: What is she saying?
Suzuha: Turned on.
Moeka: What...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu springs up and makes a break for the development room.
Moeka: Don't move!
Suzuha: That's my line!
Moeka: ...Tch.
UNSPOKEN: I suddenly realize the meaning of Suzuha's words. The 42-inch TV downstairs. It's on. She wants me to use the Time Leap Machine!? I look at Mayuri's body. She's lying there quietly. Her eyes are closed. They'll never open again. One of the men Suzuha knocked out starts to moan. If they wake up, it's all over. Suzuha looks at me again. Her eyes implore me to make my move. If I use the machine, I can avert Mayuri's death. But at the same time, it could fry my brain. Fry my brain? So what? What is there to fear? Mayuri is dead, shot in cold blood. This isn't right. I won't accept it! Then change it. Change the past. You have the power. Use it! I stagger into the development room. Kurisu is about to put on the headgear. I pull it away from her.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: I'm going back!
Kurisu: No! I should be the one to--
UNSPOKEN: I grab Kurisu's wrist as she tries to take it back. I stare into her eyes, eyes wet with tears.
Rintaro: I will save Mayuri!
Kurisu: But what if it fails!?
UNSPOKEN: I ignore her and put on the headgear. Moeka's last shot grazed the side of my head. My ears are still ringing, and there's blood on my neck. It doesn't matter. I might fail. I might even die. But I have to try. It's my only chance to save Mayuri. Kurisu bites her lip and activates the X68000.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro! One of them's moving!
Moeka: Get in there! Kill them!
Attacker A: Damn... kids!
UNSPOKEN: The crew-cut man staggers into the development room. Acting purely on instinct, I grab Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake from the shelf and flick the switch. White smoke instantly fills the room, rendering it impossible to see.
Moeka: Kill them!
Kurisu: Augh!
Rintaro: Kurisu!?
Kurisu: Ugh, gh, Okabe!! Are you sure!? Are you sure about this!? Really!?
Rintaro: Do it, Kurisu! Activate the machine! Agh!
UNSPOKEN: Pain flares in my right arm. Was I shot? It doesn't matter. I see blue-white light shining through the smoke. The discharge is starting! The light rapidly grows brighter. The floor begins to shake. The singularity is open! I crouch down, holding the headset steady with one hand. Wait for me, Mayuri! I won't die here! I'll cross through time to save you! Leap, my memories. Leap to the past!
Rintaro: Leaaaaaaaap!!
UNSPOKEN: The world explodes into light.
Rintaro: Mayuri? ...Mayuri?
UNSPOKEN: No matter how many times I call her name... Mayuri doesn't answer. Mayuri is standing in front of a grave, gazing at the sky. The grave belongs to her grandmother, who died when Mayuri was eleven years old. Her parents were always busy with work, so her grandmother was her only companion.  I was close to Mayuri's family, so her death was sad for me too. At the wake, I expected Mayuri to break down and cry. She didn't. Instead, she spent the whole time gazing vacantly at her grandmother's memorial portrait. Six months went by. I had advanced to middle school, so Mayuri and I no longer commuted together. But whenever I passed the cemetery on the way home, Mayuri would always be standing there. Every day, rain or shine, she would stand for hours before the grave, staring wordlessly at the sky as if she could see her grandmother in heaven. In her hands, an old pocket watch. The watch had belonged to her grandmother. Mayuri always held it when visiting the grave.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: No matter how many times I called her name, Mayuri did not answer. Back then, Mayuri wouldn't talk to anyone. Not to me, not even to her parents. Whenever I saw her standing there, staring at the sky, I felt unease grip my heart. Her gaze was so earnest, her intentions so pure, that I feared some power might grant her wish, and carry her off to heaven to join her beloved grandmother. And so, to ensure that nothing like that happened, I made sure to stop by the cemetery every day. I would stand next to the skygazing Mayuri, and call her name.
Rintaro: Mayuri?
UNSPOKEN: But no matter how many times I'd call her, Mayuri wouldn't reply. The only sound in the lonely cemetery was the echo of my voice, calling her name. It was raining that day, too. Mayuri had a light blue umbrella. In contrast to the umbrella's color, the sky was glazed gray, covered in clouds. After a while, the rain stopped. Rays of light shone through gaps in the clouds, a stunningly beautiful sight. Rembrandt's Rays, they are called, or sometimes the Angel's Ladder. Suddenly, a strong wind swept through the cemetery. It caught Mayuri's umbrella and carried it into the sky. Mayuri seemed not to notice. She kept staring at the sky. And then, slowly... So very slowly... She stretched her hand out to the sky. As if to grasp the rays of light. As if her grandmother were reaching down to pull her up. And then, she lifted herself on her toes. To me, it looked as if she were floating up towards heaven. Impulsively, I grabbed Mayuri's outstretched hand and pulled her into my embrace. In retrospect, my fears were just a childish fantasy, but at the time, I truly believed that Mayuri might vanish.
Rintaro: I won't let you go. I won't let anyone take you away.
UNSPOKEN: I realized how embarrassing the words coming from my own mouth were.
Rintaro: You're my hostage now. My guinea pig!
UNSPOKEN: It was the first excuse that came to mind. Before her grandmother died, Mayuri and I were fans of a popular TV series about costumed heroes battling evil. I particularly admired the villain, a mad scientist. I even got pretty good at mimicking his lines. Now I was doing it to hide my embarrassment. I could feel my face growing red, but I kept up the mad scientist act all the same. If nothing else, it was better than admitting my insecurities.
Rintaro: T-there is no escaping me! Muhaha, muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: As I said this, I realized that Mayuri was shaking.
Mayuri: Oh... sniff...
UNSPOKEN: She whispered. It was the first time in six months that I had heard her speak. Her voice was choked with tears.
Mayuri: Mayushii's your hostage... I guess I'm stuck here, huh? Ehehe...
UNSPOKEN: She smiled happily. Tears fell from her eyes. And then, Mayuri buried her face in my chest. Where am I? Who am I? I can't see. I can barely think. A terrible screech fills my head, like feedback from a giant speaker.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: It penetrates my brain like a hundred sharp needles stabbing me right behind the eyes. I thought brains weren't supposed to feel pain.
Rintaro: Aagh, ahhhh!!
UNSPOKEN: And there's more. I feel a shiver of pleasure beneath the pain, and a terrible itching like my body is on fire. I want to crack open my skull and tear out my brain. I want to scrape out my soft gray matter with my fingers and eat it. The assault on my brain is driving me crazy. Who am I!?
Rintaro: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, the shattered pieces of the world reform. I slowly come back to my senses. I'm in the lab, standing in front of the PhoneWave (name subject to change) with my cellphone to my ear. No, not the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Since headgear is attached to it, it's the Time Leap Machine. It's hard to breathe. Give me oxygen. I hear a low, wheezing groan and realize that it's coming from my own throat.
Rintaro: Ahhh...
UNSPOKEN: I close my mouth, then take a deep breath.
Rintaro: ...ckhaah, haahh, haahh, hah...
UNSPOKEN: The insides of my throat feel like they're burning. I resist the urge to cough and continue filling my lungs with air. I notice that I'm drenched in sweat. The drops sliding down my forehead are annoying. I try to wipe them away with the back of my right hand. My hand obeys... slowly. Something is off. It's like my body and my mind aren't totally in sync with each other. Almost as if this isn't really my body. As if my nerves aren't communicating properly with my extremities. I try blinking slowly. This might just be my imagination. Could this be exhaustion? I haven't slept much lately. I try to move my hand again. There is no disconnect this time. This is my body.
Kurisu: Okabe? Are you listening?
UNSPOKEN: A familiar voice. I turn around slowly. Kurisu is there. She stares at me, perplexed.
Kurisu: What was all that screaming for?
UNSPOKEN: What is she talking about?
Kurisu: Are you sick?
UNSPOKEN: I try answering, but my voice doesn't work too well. Even more bewildered, I clear my throat several times.
Rintaro: ...No, I'm fine.
Kurisu: Then get ready to go already. We're going shopping, remember?
Rintaro: ...Shopping?
UNSPOKEN: For what? I search my memories. The moment I do, images appear in my mind like a string of exploding lightbulbs.
Kurisu: 'Humans are temporal beings.'
Mayuri: But now you're fine.
Kurisu: Are you sure about this!? Really!?
Rintaro: Ah... ah...
UNSPOKEN: I remember now. I used the Time Leap Machine.
Kurisu: You'll remember the future.
UNSPOKEN: That's right! What am I standing around for!?
Rintaro: Where am I?
Kurisu: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: I grab Kurisu's shoulders and pull her close.
Rintaro: What time is it now!? What month? What day!?
Kurisu: Hey, that hurts! Calm down!
Rintaro: How can I be calm!? Shopping? You said we're going shopping?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Daru! What day is it!? What time is it!?
Itaru: Uh, ummm, well, it's the 13th... a little past 5.
UNSPOKEN: The 13th, a little past 5...
Rintaro: ...Did it work?
UNSPOKEN: Did I manage to time leap in the middle of all that chaos? Did my memories really jump through time? Does that mean I've leaped into my past self? Is there a chance that it was all a dream? Thinking back -- forward -- it doesn't seem real. Commandos breaking into the lab... it's like something out of a Hollywood movie. But the sight of Mayuri, broken and bloody, is burned into my eyes. I remember the smell of the blood. The sound of the gunshot. The weight of the headgear on my head. The pain of the bullet tearing through my arm. Kurisu screaming. Suzuha fighting to defend us. I remember it all vividly. I touch my arm. No bullet holes. No pain, even. Was it all a dream? I don't know. I've never time leaped before. I can only hope that it was a dream. A future like that... is too much to bear. I recall Mayuri's last moments and my eyes fill with tears. I force the tide of emotion back.
Rintaro: ...Where's Mayuri?
UNSPOKEN: I look around the lab. Kurisu and Daru are here. But I can't find Mayuri.
Rintaro: Where's Mayuri!?
Itaru: Uh, she just left saying she was going to Luka-shi's place. Weren't you listening?
UNSPOKEN: That's right. Mayuri went to beg Lukako to wear her costume. She won't return until it's time for the party. What do I do? What do I believe? Was it a dream? Or was it real? If it was a dream, then I don't have to worry about anything. If it was real, then I need to act. Now. I...
Rintaro: Whew...
UNSPOKEN: I take a deep breath.
Rintaro: It must have been a dream. There's no way something like that could really happen.
UNSPOKEN: It was a nightmare brought on by anxiety. That's all. There's no other logical explanation. I desperately persuade myself that it's so. Little do I know that I will soon regret my foolishness. Kurisu goes shopping alone. I stay in the lab with Daru, waiting for Mayuri to return.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ I'm back!
UNSPOKEN: An innocent smile. Mayuri is alive. Nothing will happen to her. I was worried for nothing. When Suzuha arrives, we begin the meeting.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin. I called Feris-chan and Luka-chan, but they said they couldn't come.
UNSPOKEN: I've heard these words before. Deja vu. A trick of the mind.
Rintaro: Oh. Do they have plans?
Mayuri: Feris-chan has a RaiNet tournament.
Itaru: Crap, I should've gone to cheer! How careless of me!
Mayuri: And Luka-chan seemed embarrassed for some reason.
Kurisu: Maybe she thinks you'll make her wear a costume again.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: You still haven't convinced her to cosplay?
Mayuri: She said it was embarrassing. I keep telling her 'Cuteness is Justice', but she never listens...
Kurisu: 'Cuteness is Justice'... is that what they say?
Mayuri: You're cute too, Chris-chan!
Kurisu: Hah? Eh?
Mayuri: Hey, ComiMa's coming up. Wanna go? I can't make something new, but I have a costume of Post-Awakening Seira from Blood Tune I made last year. I think the size is just right for you too.
Kurisu: Me, cosplay? I'm sorta interested. But I refuse to do it in public, though.
Mayuri: You don't have to show anyone, but eventually, you'll want them to see. The cosplay demon compels you! That reminds me. Chris-chan, you're always wearing that cute uniform. What school is it from?
Kurisu: Oh, this? I attended Ayamein for about two weeks. I modeled this outfit after their uniform.
Mayuri: Oh! Their uniform is really cute, but you made it even cuter! You might have really good design sense♪ I'll bring the costume tomorrow, okay? Will you try it on then?
Kurisu: Sure.
Itaru: When's the photo shoot?
Kurisu: Good to know you're still a pervert, Hashida.
Itaru: Come on, it's Blood Tune's Seira! She's got 'panmoro' going on!
Kurisu: Panmoro?
Itaru: It means her panties are completely exposed!
Kurisu: N-no way...
Mayuri: It's okay♪ You might not know this, but last year, there was a really popular saying. 'They're not panties, so it's not embarrassing!'
Kurisu: Japan is over...
Mayuri: Wear it, okay? It's a promise!
Suzuha: Maybe you shouldn't bother.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks, her tone sharp. She's scowling at Kurisu again. Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room changes. ...I remember this too. I feel like I'm losing my mind here.
Suzuha: You're asking for trouble by trusting Makise Kurisu.
Kurisu: What's that supposed to mean? I've been meaning to ask. Did I do something to you?
Suzuha: Not to me. But I know everything you have done.
Kurisu: What do you mean? I've done nothing to be guilty of.
Suzuha: Perhaps. But I know your true nature.
Kurisu: Wow, you can see into my heart? That's groundbreaking technology. I'd love to hear how it works.
Suzuha: It's not science. It's... a prediction.
Kurisu: So you're just making it up.
Suzuha: I know.
Mayuri: Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri clings to me with teary eyes.
Mayuri: Stop them from fighting.
UNSPOKEN: Should I listen to Mayuri's plea? Like I did in the dream? Knowing that I can't stop the fight, should I just let Mayuri handle it instead? I don't know. I can't move a muscle.
Mayuri: Geez...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pouts, then goes over to the two girls.
Mayuri: Um, guys? Mayushii doesn't like it when you fight. Let's all get along, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Daru comes over to chat with Suzuha, and gradually peace returns to the lab. Kurisu is in the development room, making a call. Probably to her mother in America. I sit on the sofa and watch TV while sipping Dr P. But I can't pay attention to what I see on the screen. It doesn't enter my head. Mayuri sits down next to me. She peels a banana and begins eating it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Stop it. Why are you saying the same things as in that terrible dream? It was a dream. It has to be a dream.
Mayuri: It's fun♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles happily, not noticing my lack of a reply.
Mayuri: Um, now that there are eight lab mems, Mayushii thinks it's getting a little cramped in here. First, we don't have enough chairs. We should buy more. Do you have money, Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: I shake my head wordlessly. For some reason, I'm afraid to look Mayuri in the face.
Mayuri: I guess you can use some of my salary. We need a new microwave too. Otherwise, I can't warm up any Juicy Chicken Number One. Okarin... are you okay? You don't look so good.
Rintaro: It's nothing...
Mayuri: Are you feeling sick? Then you need to rest. Want to lie down? You can lie on my lap, okay?
Rintaro: I'm not--
UNSPOKEN: Before I can finish, the television interrupts me with an urgent news bulletin. The subtitles read Terrorist bomb threat suspends Yamanote, Sobu, Keihin-Tohoku lines.
Suzuha: A bomb threat?
Itaru: Hang on. Those lines all pass through Akiba. How is Mayu-shi gonna get home?
Mayuri: Oh yeah. I should call home.
Rintaro: No... it can't be...
UNSPOKEN: It's the same. Every last thing, the same.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro. I need to know.
UNSPOKEN: It was a dream.
Suzuha: You've completed the Time Leap Machine, right?
UNSPOKEN: It had to be a dream. But if it was a dream, then why...
Suzuha: Are you listening?
Itaru: Uh, the Time Leap Machine's done.
Suzuha: Okay. I just remembered I've got something to do. I'm going out.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha leaves the lab without another word.
Kurisu: What's wrong with her?
UNSPOKEN: Does she know what's about to happen? Nothing's going to happen. The break-in was a dream. But no matter how hard I try to convince myself of that, I can't shake the icy hand clutching my heart. I can't breathe. Even though it's hot and humid, my body shivers. I remember this feeling, too, from the dream. Did I choose wrong? Was I granted a second chance, only to let it go to waste? A soft feeling against my fingers. I look down to see Mayuri's hand holding mine. When I look up, I see worry written in her face. I reflexively look towards the door. If the dream wasn't a dream, then... Any second now... It happens exactly as I remember. Five men burst into the lab. Their movements are swift and sure -- professional -- and each of them is carrying a gun. They spread out just inside the door and aim their weapons at us. I recognize each of them. There's no denying it now. I did leap through time. It was the future I remembered. I was supposed to change this present, to stop the madness about to unfold. But I told myself that it was a dream, and wasted my chance to save everyone.
Attacker A: Hands in the air. Nobody move.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru clutches his head and falls to his knees, screaming at the top of his lungs. In my arms, Mayuri takes one long, ragged breath. And then...
Mayuri: O...kari...
Kurisu: No... no!
UNSPOKEN: She's dead. Mayuri's dead. Again. Her face is covered in blood. Her blood stains my hands. It's warm.
Moeka: You three come with us. Now. No more warnings. Resist, and we will kill you too.
UNSPOKEN: I hear a voice. But I can't comprehend what it's saying. It's the same. I knew it would be. I let Mayuri die again. Because I didn't believe my own memories of the future. I lay Mayuri down on the floor. I'm sorry, Mayuri. I'm so sorry... I stand up. Rage takes hold of me once again. I'm helpless to resist. I take one menacing step towards Moeka.
Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grabs my hand before I can take another.
Kurisu: You can't!
Rintaro: Let me go!
Kurisu: You can't! They'll kill you!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's gun is aimed at my head. Her finger is already on the trigger.
Rintaro: You gonna kill me too!?
Moeka: If you resist.
Kurisu: Please, Okabe, do what she says. Okay? Otherwise, they'll kill you too.
Rintaro: Gh...!
UNSPOKEN: I grit my teeth and suppress my anger. Just then, something small and round strikes Moeka's gun hand.
Moeka: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: She drops her gun. At her feet lies a small stone.
Suzuha: Get down!
Attacker B: Gweh!!
UNSPOKEN: The next events transpire exactly as I remember. Suzuha appears in the doorway, knocking down the first man before anyone can react. She then proceeds to dispatch the remaining men with a series of swift, precise maneuvers.
Attacker A: Who the hell!?
UNSPOKEN: The dark-skinned man, the last one standing, takes aim at Suzuha with his assault rifle. But before he can fire, Suzuha snatches a stunned attacker's gun and shoots him.
Attacker A: Gwah!!
UNSPOKEN: Blood spurts from the man's hand. Without stopping, Suzuha delivers a soaring roundhouse kick to the man's jaw.
Moeka: Enough.
Suzuha: !!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka and Suzuha point their guns at each other. A standoff. Neither moves. Silence returns to the room.
Moeka: ...Who are you?
Suzuha: 42.
UNSPOKEN: She glances at me.
Suzuha: TV.
UNSPOKEN: This time, I already know what she means.
Suzuha: Turned on.
UNSPOKEN: I make a break for the development room.
Moeka: Don't move!
Suzuha: That's my line!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is right behind me. I grab the headgear and jam it on my head without a moment's hesitation.
Kurisu: Okabe, I--
Rintaro: I'm going back!
Kurisu: But what if it fails!?
Rintaro: Get the machine started!
UNSPOKEN: There's no time to argue. I grab Moad Snake from the shelf. Kurisu bites her lip and starts setting up the X68000.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro! One of them's headed your way!
Moeka: Kill them! Don't let them use it!
UNSPOKEN: Before the crew-cut man enters the development room, I push the switch. White smoke instantly fills the room, rendering it impossible to see.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I see blue-white light shining through the smoke. The discharge is starting! The light rapidly grows brighter. The floor begins to shake. The singularity is open! I crouch down, holding the headset steady with one hand. This is reality. It wasn't a dream. I burn that fact into my mind as I prepare to time leap. One more chance... The shaking begins.
Rintaro: Please! Give me one more chance!
UNSPOKEN: Once more, the world explodes into light. I can't hear. It feels like something is crushing my eardrums.
Rintaro: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Slowly, the shattered pieces of the world reform. My body convulses as if struck by lightning. I... am Okabe Rintaro. I'm in the lab development room, standing in front of the Time Leap Machine with my phone to my ear.
Rintaro: ...Gh.
UNSPOKEN: My brain hurts again. This isn't like a headache. It's somehow deeper. With the pain comes a torrent of emotions -- sorrow, longing, hope, joy -- that threatens to wash away my psyche. However, only one thing matters.
Rintaro: ...It worked again.
UNSPOKEN: I quickly return to the lounge.
Kurisu: Kya! You surprised me!
UNSPOKEN: I almost crashed into Kurisu.
Kurisu: Don't startle me like that.
Rintaro: Daru! Is it just before 5 on the 13th!?
Itaru: Eh? Um... yeah?
UNSPOKEN: Alright. Time leap successful. I pat Kurisu on the shoulders, almost in an embrace.
Rintaro: You're a genius.
Kurisu: W-what's gotten in to you? Stop manhandling me. It's gross.
UNSPOKEN: I scramble for my phone.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Where are--
Mayuri: But I can't answer the phone right now.
UNSPOKEN: ...It went to voice mail?
Mayuri: Please leave your message after the beep♪
Rintaro: Mayuri! Contact me at once! Okay? At once!
UNSPOKEN: I hang up. I look at my watch again. It's just past 5. Thank god for the Time Leap Machine. It makes me shiver to imagine what would have happened without it. I have three hours until Moeka kills Mayuri. Everything's going to be okay. That's plenty of time to escape. First, I'll meet up with Mayuri and leave Akiba. We can go to Ikebukuro. Wait, what if they're watching her house? Maybe we should hop the bullet train and get out of Tokyo entirely. Anyway, we're fine as long as Moeka doesn't find her today. So first, I need to find Mayuri.
Kurisu: Okabe? You look kind of crazy. What's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru look at me with concern.
Rintaro: Both of you get out of here. Now.
Kurisu: ...What's this about?
UNSPOKEN: I check my wallet. I only have 9000 yen and some change. I'll need to stop by an ATM and withdraw everything I have.
Kurisu: Is this another one of your fantasies?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders dumbfounded. I don't have time to answer her. I slip beside her and dash out of the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I run full speed to Yanabayashi Shrine. Naturally, I have to stop for breath before I get more than a few blocks. The sun is setting, but the temperature still hasn't dropped below 30. Sweat quickly covers my entire body. I'm not good at exercise in the first place. I finally stagger through the archway. Now I regret not borrowing Suzuha's bicycle. But no, there wasn't time for that. Finding Mayuri comes first. I run to the courtyard, where I find Lukako standing alone with her bamboo broom.
Rintaro: Lukako!
Luka: ...Ah, Okabe-san!
UNSPOKEN: She bows her head.
Luka: What's wrong?
Rintaro: Mayuri! Where's Mayuri!?
Luka: Um, Mayuri-chan already left.
Rintaro: She left!?
Luka: Yes... Um... when you see her, could you tell her that I'm sorry? I'd really prefer not to cosplay... I don't want to disappoint her, but it's too embarrassing to dress like that in front of people...
UNSPOKEN: I finally catch my breath. I don't have time to listen to Lukako's apologies.
Rintaro: Mayuri went back to the lab?
Luka: Eh? Um... I think so.
UNSPOKEN: That doesn't make sense. I know she comes to the lab around 6:30. It's still 5:30. No matter how slowly you walk, it shouldn't take more than 20 minutes to get to the lab. So what was she doing for the extra forty minutes? We don't have time for this!
Rintaro: She didn't say she was dropping by somewhere?
Luka: No... I didn't ask... Um... is something wrong?
Rintaro: If Mayuri comes back here, tell her to call me right away!
Luka: O-okay!
UNSPOKEN: I'd better check the lab. We might have missed each other. When I get back to the lab, nobody's there but Daru. Did Kurisu go shopping by herself? I call out to him as he's ordering pizza on the computer.
Rintaro: Where's Mayuri!? Did she come back!?
Itaru: Huh? No.
Rintaro: Kuh! Where is she!?
UNSPOKEN: I take a bottle of Dr P out of the fridge and chug it down. The cold, sparkling liquid wets my parched throat and drives the heat away. Now I can think. But I still can't relax. Every minute -- every second -- is precious. Each moment I waste brings me closer to Mayuri's death.
Itaru: Hey, Okarin. Why are you so jumpy?
Rintaro: I need to find Mayuri!
Itaru: Isn't she at Luka-shi's?
Rintaro: Not anymore. She was gone by the time I got there.
UNSPOKEN: I start to pace in irritation.
Itaru: Maybe she went to see one of her cosplay friends?
Rintaro: Who? What's her phone number?
Itaru: How should I know?
UNSPOKEN: Damn. It's easy to forget, since she's usually here, but Mayuri and I rarely spend time together outside of the lab. MayQueen and the shrine. That's about it. I have no idea where else she might go. MayQueen doesn't even exist on this worldline.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Do you know something!?
Itaru: I think she said that her phone was about to run out of power. She had to turn it off.
UNSPOKEN: Yet another setback. Not only am I unable to contact her, she might not even notice my phone calls.
Itaru: Hey, what's going on?
Rintaro: ...Why are you still here, Daru? I thought I told you to leave!
UNSPOKEN: I sit on the sofa. I feel the weight of stress on my shoulders and in my bones.
Itaru: I'm not leaving without a good reason. Tell me what's going on, man.
Rintaro: ...They're going to kill Mayuri.
Itaru: What?
Rintaro: SERN's after us. In two hours, their men will break in and kill Mayuri. Get out while you still can!
Itaru: What? For real?
Rintaro: Can you get in touch with Kurisu? Pass the message onto her.
Itaru: In two hours? How do you know that?
UNSPOKEN: Daru pauses for a moment. He looks towards the development room, where the Time Leap Machine is sitting.
Itaru: No way. You used it?
UNSPOKEN: I nod gravely. I kick Daru out of the lab and send him home. He promised to call Kurisu for me and tell her to stay at her hotel, but a few minutes later, she calls me directly and demands an explanation. It takes some effort, but I manage to convince her to do as I say. Now I just need to wait for Mayuri to get back. I thought about looking for her, but it's too risky. We could miss each other like we did at the shrine. Better to wait here in front of the building. While waiting, I try to convince myself that everything will be okay. Mayuri returns to the lab at 6:30. That leaves about an hour before Moeka's attack. In an hour, we could ride the bullet train from Tokyo Station to Shizuoka. Is that the best plan? Maybe we should get off at Yokohama and lay low in a hotel for a while. I can think about what comes next after Mayuri's safe. The Time Leap Machine doesn't matter. Moeka can have it. My top priority is to prevent Mayuri's death. Sweat accumulates on my forehead and rolls down my face. Hurry back, Mayuri.
Suzuha: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Startled, I turn towards the voice. Suzuha and Mister Braun have emerged from the Braun Tube Workshop. I see them lock the door. Guess they're closing up shop. That's right, I forgot about Suzuha.
Suzuha: What are you doing here, Okabe Rintaro?
Rintaro: Nothing...
UNSPOKEN: That reminds me. During the attack, she took down five armed commandos in the blink of an eye. I still can't believe it. Where does an 18-year-old girl learn to move like that? And then there was her strange behavior immediately before the attack. She left as soon as she heard about the bomb threat, almost as if she knew something was going to happen. And finally, there's that business with her father. Everything about her is a mystery. Who is Amane Suzuha?
Suzuha: Oh, I know! You're getting ready for that party tonight, aren't you?
Rintaro: How did you know we're having a party?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: You can't!
Suzuha: Um... am I a bother?
Rintaro: ...No.
Suzuha: It's okay. I understand. I guess I'm still an outsider.
Rintaro: That's not it!
Tennouji: What's wrong with you, Okabe? Let my part-timer join your little club. You owe her, remember? It's thanks to her belly that I let ya' off the hook for shaking the building last time.
Suzuha: My belly? Hey!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha has recovered her jacket. She's properly dressed now.
Tennouji: She's got a fine belly. Tight and well trained.
Suzuha: I'm standing right here, you dirty old man.
Rintaro: The party is canceled. I'm sorry, Part-Time Warrior, but please go home today.
Suzuha: Canceled?
Rintaro: Yeah. Sorry.
UNSPOKEN: I attempt a smile, but with little hope of success.
Tennouji: I don't know what's going on, Okabe, but don't do anything reckless.
Rintaro: ...Huh?
UNSPOKEN: It's weird to have him give me advice. I thought he was just a dirty old man who loved CRTs. Maybe he's sharper than I thought. Or maybe he's just telling me to stop shaking the building.
Rintaro: I... got in a fight with Mayuri. Things are a little complicated right now. That's all.
UNSPOKEN: That's the best lie I can manage.
Suzuha: Oh, is there gonna be blood?
UNSPOKEN: Blood?
Suzuha: I mean, look over there.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha points across the street. I turn to look. To my surprise, there's Mayuri walking up the street with a big bag. When she notices us, she waves her hand with a ditzy smile. Mayuri!
Suzuha: Huh? Weren't you fighting? She looks really happy to see you.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Suzuha and run to Mayuri. The clock on my phone says 6:33.
Suzuha: Hey! Where are you going!?
UNSPOKEN: I wasted precious time talking to Suzuha. Now that I've secured Mayuri, we need to get as far away from Akiba as we can!
Mayuri: What's the rush, Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: I ignore her question and grab her hand.
Rintaro: Run! To the station!
Mayuri: Wawawa... W-w-wait! My bag...
Rintaro: Forget it! Just run!
Mayuri: Eh? Why?
Rintaro: Just run!
UNSPOKEN: I can't get the image of Mayuri's death out of my mind. I won't let them kill her. I won't. Mayuri gives no further resistance. She follows obediently, quickly matching my pace. I forgot that she's faster on her feet than I am.
Mayuri: Hey, where are we going?
Rintaro: Haah, haah, haah, first we'll head for, haah, Tsukuba or Yokohama...
UNSPOKEN: I'm already gasping for air. Mayuri, however, might as well be strolling along for all the difficulty she's having. How can she be so ditzy yet so athletic at the same time!? The sun has already set, but the sky is still a mix of indigo and orange. We run through streets lit by dazzling shops. Everything will be fine once we make it on the train. I hold this thought in my mind as we run. I'm already exhausted. Mayuri practically has to drag me along to keep going.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: No... stopping... until... we're on... the train...
UNSPOKEN: I do my best to keep up the pace.
Mayuri: But Okarin, you're covered in sweat. You shouldn't push yourself. You're not good at exercise.
UNSPOKEN: When we reach the station, I realize that something is wrong. The station is packed. Seriously packed. You don't see this many people even at rush hour. The crowd is milling around the entrance. For some reason, it looks like no one is going in. What's going on here? A protest? Some kind of street performance? I don't have time for this! Just then, an announcement plays over the PA.
Premise Announcer: Your attention please. The Yamanote, Keihin-Tohoku, and Sobu Lines are currently suspended. We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience, and kindly ask for your cooperation.
UNSPOKEN: Finally, I realize my mistake. That's right. Before the attack, the trains were stopped by a bomb threat! No wonder there are so many people standing around. In my haste to flee the city, I completely forgot! How could I have been so stupid!?
Mayuri: I wonder what happened...
UNSPOKEN: All of the train lines are stopped. We can't escape Akiba! What about other means of public transportation -- the subway or the bus? Should we go to another station? I turn around and head back the way we came, keeping a firm grip on Mayuri's hand. But before we get more than a few steps, a man steps out of the crowd and blocks our way. I realize that we're surrounded.
???: Okabe Rintaro?
UNSPOKEN: A low voice. A face I've never seen. He's not one of the five who broke into the lab.
Mayuri: Okarin, do you know these people?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri grips my arm tightly as she looks anxiously at the men.
???: Come with us.
Rintaro: Who are you?
UNSPOKEN: Instead of answering, the man makes a grab for my arm. I jerk away and try to escape, but the men move to block us again.
???: If you resist, we'll kill you.
Rintaro: SERN!
UNSPOKEN: They're with Moeka!? She must have planned for this in advance. A chill runs up my spine. We made a terrible mistake when we hacked into SERN. I realize that now, though it's far too late.
Rintaro: Are you going to kill us with all these witnesses around?
???: This isn't a game.
UNSPOKEN: I feel something cold against my back. I don't realize what it is at first. Then it hits me. A gun. I gulp. My blood goes cold. Am I going to die here? Will my time leaping be for naught? No! I can't give up. I won't let Mayuri die. I won't accept that future. But how do I get out of this? The crowd at the station has grown even thicker. People are starting to argue with the station personnel, demanding to know when they can go home. The situation is quickly becoming chaotic. Suddenly, a fight breaks out nearby. It looks like some people are trying to shove their way through. This could be our chance. A tide of people surges into us, knocking the man behind me off balance. Now! I quickly turn and strike the man's hand aside. His gun falls away. Then the man gets swallowed by the crowd.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I grab Mayuri's hand and start running. We have to fight our way through the crowd, but that also thwarts our pursuers. As soon as we reach the main street, we start running back towards the lab. Of course, we can't return to the lab itself. Moeka's group will be there shortly. Is the subway still running? If we get on at Suehirocho Station, we can take the Ginza line to Shibuya. From there, we can grab a train heading out of Tokyo. I still haven't recovered from my exhaustion. I don't know how much longer I can hold on. We can't stop now. I have to keep running. It doesn't take long before a new obstacle appears. Four men walking together up ahead suddenly stop and turn to face us. I've got a bad feeling about this. They don't look like otaku. Are they with SERN too? My fears are confirmed when the four men start walking towards us, arms spread to block the street. No doubt about it. They're after us too! I turn to flee back towards the station, and there I see the first group of men closing in behind us. We're trapped. Enemies on both sides. There's only one choice. I grab Mayuri and make for the nearby side street.
Mayuri: Where are we going, Okarin!?
UNSPOKEN: I'm trying to get to Suehirocho Station without using the main streets. But as we pass UPX, several men on the bridge point at us and shout something. Are they with SERN too!? How many men do they have!? We turn back and change course.
Rintaro: Haah, haah, okay, Mayuri, you're, a faster, haah, haah, runner, so...
UNSPOKEN: Talking while running uses up all of my breath. Sweat drips into my eyes, making it hard to see.
Rintaro: You, go on, ahead! Go, to Hariti shrine, in Ikebukuro. We'll meet--
UNSPOKEN: Before I finish, I catch sight of another group of men waiting for us up ahead.
Mayuri: What's going on, Okarin!?
UNSPOKEN: I look back. The group from before is chasing us. We're surrounded by enemies. The familiar streets of Akiba are filled with agents of SERN. I recall what Moeka said.
Moeka: You have nowhere to run. We have men stationed throughout Akihabara.
UNSPOKEN: Despair seizes my heart. Is escape impossible? We're just kids playing at science in the safety of our tiny little lab. Our enemy is a multinational conspiracy willing to kill anyone who gets in their way. Were we doomed from the start? No! No matter what, we must get away! Leading Mayuri by the hand, I push my way through the crowd, then jump the fence onto the road.
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: Something strikes me with crushing force, sending me tumbling across the pavement. I come to a stop several meters away. My body is wracked with intense pain.
Rintaro: Gah...hah...
UNSPOKEN: A red curtain covers my eyes. I try to brush it off, and my hand comes away slick with blood. I grit my teeth against the pain and lift my head. Mayuri is lying on the pavement a few meters away. I reach out to her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: She goes down hard. I hear her head smack against the pavement. I stand up and look around. Moeka is dazed and unable to stand, but I see SERN agents making their way towards us through the crowd. I've got to get out of here. I take a step. A sharp pain stabs through my body. The crash must have broken a bone in my leg. It doesn't matter. I have to get to the lab and time leap again. That's the only way to save Mayuri. I look back at the site of the accident. Moeka is slowly regaining her feet, but Mayuri remains limp and motionless on the road. It breaks my heart to leave Mayuri lying there, but I have no choice. I have to go. Back to the lab! Fighting the pain of my broken leg, I manage to drag myself back to the lab. Surprisingly, SERN's men didn't chase me. Nobody's at the lab when I arrive. Only the lights are still on. Relieved that Kurisu and Daru haven't returned, I head straight to the development room. I remembered to break into the Braun Tube Workshop to turn on the 42-inch CRT. My body is drenched in sweat, and I can't stop shivering. Everything hurts, especially my right side, where the car hit me. If I'm not careful, I might lose consciousness. My vision is blurry. It's hard to focus. My left arm is numb and can barely move. But still, I force myself to activate the X68000 and input the settings. I'm gasping for breath like a wounded animal. The sound of my heartbeat fills my ears. Mayuri... They killed her again. I failed to protect her. I'm sorry, Mayuri. I'm sorry... Choking back my tears, I frantically pound on the keyboard. Police sirens echo in the distance. Moeka hit Mayuri in front of hundreds of witnesses. They'll probably take her in for questioning. Even if SERN bails her out somehow, she should be stuck for at least a couple of hours. The real problem is her men. Those mercenaries, or whatever they were. SERN's hit squad. Why didn't they come after me? It should have been easy for them to catch me, injured as I am. I need to hurry. If they show up here, they'll kill me for sure. Settings complete. I put on the headgear. I'll get blood on it, but that doesn't matter. A surge of anxiety washes over me. What if the time leap fails? What if my memories are corrupted? I might forget who I am. I might lose myself. Should I really use the machine?
Rintaro: Of course I should.
UNSPOKEN: I curse my weakness.
Rintaro: Mayuri's dead, remember?
UNSPOKEN: This can't be allowed to happen. No risk is too great. I will save Mayuri, whatever it takes. I alone have the power to change the past. What am I waiting for!? Swallowing my fear, I activate the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Gah!
UNSPOKEN: A screeching in my ears. Needles stabbing into my brain. A thousand emotions flooding my senses. The world bends, pulses, then returns to normal. The pain of my wounds has vanished like magic, replaced by a piercing pain in my brain. I fight back a wave of nausea and take stock of the situation. I'm sitting on the sofa with my phone to my ear. Another successful time leap. That makes three. It looks like the Time Leap Machine works perfectly. I'm sure it would boost Kurisu's confidence if I told her. But that will have to wait until Mayuri's out of danger. I stand up and look around the lab.
Rintaro: Where's Mayuri!?
Kurisu: Wha!?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Don't shout... I've been working all night, so let me rest a bit...
Rintaro: Where is Mayuri!?
Itaru: What's wrong with you? She went to Luka-shi's, remember?
UNSPOKEN: Damn, she already left? I should call or send a mail. I need to get in touch with her somehow! Mayuri went to see someone after leaving the shrine. The question is who. Think. Consider every possibility!
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Where are--
Mayuri: But I can't answer the phone right now.
UNSPOKEN: ...I got her voice mail?
Mayuri: Please leave your message after the beep♪
UNSPOKEN: ...It's the same as last time. Damn! Why did I forget? Before I time leaped, I should have asked Mayuri where she was today. I'm not thinking straight. I have to calm down. Wait... I know. Last time, we failed because we went to Akihabara Station. I should have known that SERN would be watching. This time, we'll take a taxi to another station, then hide somewhere until things calm down. For now, all I can do is wait for Mayuri to return. It's driving me crazy. I consider explaining the situation to Kurisu and Daru, but I just don't have the strength to do that right now. Besides, I don't want to get them involved. I'll take care of it myself. I won't let any more of my friends die.
Luka: Hello. This is Urushibara.
Rintaro: Lukako! It's me! Okabe!
Luka: Okabe-san? What's wrong?
Rintaro: Is Mayuri there? If she is, let me speak to her!
Luka: Okay. Just a moment please.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here. What's up, Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: Finally... I've managed to get ahold of Mayuri. This will give us hours to spare.
Rintaro: Where are you now? Yanabayashi Shrine!?
Mayuri: Yup!
Rintaro: I'm headed there now. Whatever you do, don't move, okay!?
Mayuri: Huh? Why not?
Kurisu: What's all the commotion?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's eyes are half asleep.
Rintaro: Daru. Assistant. Leave right now and get as far from Akiba as you can. But under no circumstances use the train.
Itaru: What? Why?
Rintaro: If you can, go somewhere you don't normally go, and stay there overnight. Understand?
Itaru: Wait, overnight? So you're saying we should go to a love hotel and make hanky panky. I understand.
Kurisu: Shut it, perv.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up.
Kurisu: What's going on, Okabe?
Rintaro: Please, just do as I say. We'll talk later. Don't come back to the lab until I say so!
UNSPOKEN: I thought of having them take the Time Leap Machine, but the microwave's pretty heavy to carry around. And it's that time machine that Moeka's really after. Not Mayuri. If it will guarantee everyone's safety, I'd rather just abandon the time machine. I dash out of the lab, disregarding Kurisu's and Daru's demands for an explanation. I was right to borrow Suzuha's bicycle. I arrive at the shrine far earlier than if I had run. Mayuri and Lukako are in front of the main building.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Okarin♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waves her hand happily. Lukako bows her head.
Mayuri: Are you here to back me up?
Rintaro: Back you up?
Mayuri: To help convince Luka-chan to wear my costume!
Luka: Mayuri-chan, I really can't. It's too embarrassing...
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin. Can you think of some way to persuade Luka-chan? Mayushii can't reach the ending for the Luka-chan route.
Luka: I keep telling her I can't... but Mayuri-chan just won't give up.
UNSPOKEN: Tears well up in my eyes. I grit my teeth and resist the urge to cry. To see them talking, so happy and carefree... I thought that this peace would last forever. And yet...
Rintaro: I'm sorry, you two. Save the cosplay talk for later.
UNSPOKEN: I grab Mayuri's hand.
Rintaro: Drop your bags, Mayuri. Leave them with Lukako.
Mayuri: Huh? What's going on?
Rintaro: We're leaving town.
Mayuri: Leaving town? We're going on a trip?
Luka: A... trip?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's face turns red.
Luka: Just the two of you?
Rintaro: That's right.
UNSPOKEN: I'll let Lukako misunderstand whatever she wants. I take off running, half dragging Mayuri along. We get out to Manseibashi Bridge. Now I need to figure out where we go from here. It's half past 4. We should still have about three hours before the trains stop. If we wanted to, we could even leave from Akiba station. But that seems like a bad idea. Moeka and her men might already be there. We should board from another station. If the plan is to head for Yokohama, the fastest way is to take the bullet train from Tokyo Station. To get to Tokyo Station without passing through Akihabara Station means boarding at Kanda or Awajicho. We could walk to Tokyo Station in an hour, but I don't want to waste that much time.
Mayuri: Where are we going, Okarin? What's the rush?
Rintaro: SERN's after us.
Mayuri: Huh? What does that mean?
Rintaro: I'll explain later. First we need to get out of Akiba.
Mayuri: O-okay...
UNSPOKEN: I decide on Awajicho Station and start running. If we can make it to Yasukuni-dori, the station's right there. But I freeze when I see a group of six men walking just ahead. Are they Moeka's men? I don't know, but we can't take the chance. I pull Mayuri into a nearby alley. How many men does SERN have? When did these patrols start? Are they watching stations besides Akihabara? I have no way of knowing. To make matters worse, SERN's assassins are indistinguishable from ordinary shoppers at a glance. You can tell they're different when you get close, but by then it's too late. They could be anyone. Japanese, foreigners, anyone. Damn! What should we do? Should we take the shortest route and risk being seen? Or should we stick to the back streets and stay out of sight?
Mayuri: Okarin... Mayushii's kinda scared...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Hide!
UNSPOKEN: I pull Mayuri into the entrance of a nearby building. Several young men pass by. They're not particularly fit, and each of them is carrying a bag full of computer parts. I don't think they're the enemy. But I can't be sure. The only way to be safe is to treat every group of men as a potential threat. At this rate, it'll be night before we escape Akiba. Maybe we should just go for it and hope to get lucky. I look up the closest station with my phone. Ochanomizu and Suehirocho are about equidistant from our current position. Suehirocho takes us near the lab, but Ochanomizu is on the same line as Akihabara. It might be affected by the bomb threat. An impasse.
Rintaro: Mayuri, stay right here. Don't move until I get back.
Mayuri: Where are you going?
Rintaro: To the station to make sure it's safe.
UNSPOKEN: And while I'm at it, scout the streets between here and there. We'll need to use the shortest route.
Mayuri: Mayushii doesn't want to be left alone...
Rintaro: I'll be right back. If I'm not back in 30 minutes, call someone. Kurisu or Suzuha. Have them get you out of Akiba.
Mayuri: Don't say that! Come back, okay? If you don't, Mayushii won't know what to do...
Rintaro: Okay. I'll come back. I promise.
UNSPOKEN: I leave Mayuri behind and run to Ochanomizu Station. Wary of surrounding eyes, I scout the streets and decide that the back alleys of Kanda Myojin will give us the best chance of avoiding detection. Once we make it to the station, we'll just have to pray. I race back to the spot I left Mayuri.
Rintaro: Mayuri!
UNSPOKEN: She's not there. For an instant, I think I got the place mixed up, so I check the entrance of the next building. But Mayuri isn't there either. She's gone.
Rintaro: I told her not to move!
UNSPOKEN: At first, I assume Mayuri just wandered off somewhere, like she often does. But then another possibility dawns on me. Could SERN's men have found her? Abducted her? Would they do that? Moeka said that Mayuri was unnecessary. That's why she killed Mayuri first. So why would they kidnap her? I don't know. The only thing I know is that Mayuri's gone. I knew I shouldn't have left her alone. I should have stayed by her side no matter what. Still, I can't give up. I scour the neighborhood for Mayuri. But when I fail to find any trace of her, I return to the lab in despair. It's a mail from Moeka. She's on her way here? When she says we need to talk, she probably means I'm going to kidnap you and take the Time Leap Machine. Just as I'm about to delete the mail out of frustration, I notice there's an image attached. I swallow and open it. It's a scan of a foreign newspaper article. There's a rough black-and-white picture, along with a date. February 28, 1961. Fifty years ago. It's not in English. I look at the picture.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The picture is of a jellyman embedded in the wall of a house. Wait...
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri.
Rintaro: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: A screeching fills my ears. Needles stab into my brain. The shock lasts an instant, then the pain is gone. A wave of nausea hits me. Vomit backflows into my mouth. I swallow it back. My throat burns. I leapt immediately after seeing the photo. I couldn't accept it. Not even for a second. In the 20 minutes I took my eyes off of Mayuri, she was captured by Moeka's men. They took her to France and stuck her in the LHC. They sent her through their unstable black hole 50 years into the past. It wasn't an experiment. It was just a warning. A threat. How could anyone do such a thing? Now that I've recovered slightly from the shock, I realize that Mayuri was probably still alive when Moeka sent me that picture. A flight to France takes at least twelve hours, after all. Even so, her fate was already decided. Perhaps that 50-year-old newspaper article appeared out of thin air the instant they found her. I don't know why her cause of death changed. I don't have time to investigate. The only choice is to run. Our enemies don't consider Mayuri human. I'm filled with rage. I want to kill them. I won't let them have her! The clock shows 5:05 PM. Not as much time left as I thought. Come to think of it, the Time Leap Machine should be able to send me back to noon at least. I'll do that next time. A chill runs up my spine. What am I thinking? Next time? Have I already given up on saving her this time? I shake my head to clear it of negative thoughts. Judging by the time, Mayuri's already left the shrine. So I can't contact her until she gets back to the lab. All I can do is wait. As before, the Braun Tube Workshop closes early. Mayuri appears as Suzuha and Mister Braun are leaving. We run through Kanda Myojin's back streets to Ochanomizu Station, taking only minimal precautions to avoid attracting attention. We have to get there before the Sobu Line shuts down. We manage to make it to the station without being stopped, but when we get there, I see a group of men waiting by the entrance. They look like SERN. Change of plans. We turn around and head for the Shin-Ochanomizu subway station. We arrive at the station later than I intended. I don't usually come here, so I got lost. I stare nervously at the platform clock. According to the scrolling display, the Yamanote, Keihin-Tohoku, and Sobu Lines have already suspended operations. Wait... it looks like the Chiyoda Line has too. It must be protocol to assume that nearby stations may be threatened, even stations on unconnected lines.  Damn! Mayuri hasn't said a word about my strange behavior. This is the third time I've led her on this escape, but each time, she follows me without complaint. Does she really trust me that much? Maybe she can feel my desperation. That's why I want so badly to save her. We've been together for more than a decade. She's like a little sister to me. I'll leap as many times as it takes.
Mayuri: ...?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Um, Okarin? Mayushii has a lot of questions, but she'll wait for now. But once it's over, I want you to tell me everything, okay?
Rintaro: Yeah, I promise.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles happily at that answer. That's right. While we wait for the train, I should ask Mayuri about her whereabouts today. If -- if -- I have to leap again, I'll need all the information I can get.
Rintaro: Where did you go after you saw Lukako?
Mayuri: I got an email from Fubuki-chan. A thread came loose on her costume. I went to fix it.
Rintaro: Where does Fubuki-chan live?
Mayuri: Um, we met at the Starbecks at UPX.
UNSPOKEN: So that's where she was. Just then, an announcement plays over the PA system. The subway is resuming normal operations. About 20 minutes have passed since we arrived. I didn't expect to be stuck here that long, but it's okay. Right now, Moeka should be in Akihabara, heading to the lab. Everything is going to be alright. While waiting for the train, I examine the route map on the station's noticeboard. We can transfer to an overland train at Yoyogi-Uehara. It'll take a while, but that will take us all the way to Odawara. Another announcement. Our train is arriving. I can hear the rumbling and see the lights at the end of the tunnel. Mayuri and I are standing just behind the white line. I reach for her hand, meaning to make a dash for the train when the doors open, but I guess there's no hurry now. I let my hand fall to my side, empty. The roar comes closer.
Mayuri: About the party tonight...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is saying something. I can't quite hear her over the train.
Mayuri: It got canceled, but we should definitely--
???: Mayuri♪
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri disappears.
Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: There she is, leaning out over the tracks. She's off balance, as if she stumbled, or someone pushed her. She seems to hang there for a moment, and then the train comes screaming into the station. I hear a sound from under the train. I can't describe it, but it makes me instantly nauseous. Sparks fly as the train slams on its brakes. The people on the platform scream. I turn to where Mayuri was just a moment ago. There stands a familiar girl. Tiny, adorable, a cute black rabbit pouch slung over her shoulder. Tennouji Nae. She looks up at me. Her eyes are wide. Her lips tremble.
Nae: I... Saw... Mayuri... I wanted... to surprise her... It wasn't on purpo... it... wasn...
UNSPOKEN: She stares at me for a few more seconds, as if waiting for me to say something, then turns and runs away. The platform is in chaos. The PA informs us that there's been a 'personal injury accident.' Nae is already gone. I don't go after her. Instead, I peek timidly through the gap between the train and the platform. One side of the track... is a wash of red. My mind is blank. I can't think. I don't even remember how I got back to the lab. Moeka's group should have come and gone, but the Time Leap Machine is still here. I guess I should be grateful. It takes longer than usual to set up the machine. For some reason, I have trouble recalling my own phone number. At last, it's ready. Now... take me back. The leap occurs instantaneously. Titor claimed that his time machine takes one hour of subjective time to travel ten years. I don't know if ours has the same behavior, but now is not the time to find out. Ten years... I have no business that far back. Besides, according to Kurisu, time leaping too far into the past could cause mental disorders due to the gap between personality and memory.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is singing her chicken song, though she's actually eating precooked chicken from the convenience store, instead of her usual Juicy Chicken Number One. She had to switch because she can't warm up frozen chicken in the microwave, which is now a dedicated part of the Time Leap Machine. ...I was right to come back five hours. Mayuri is still in the lab. But what the hell happened back there? It hurts, but I force myself to recall that horrifying scene. Mayuri died again. This time, it happened at Shin-Ochanomizu Station, a place completely unrelated to the lab or the bomb threat. Tennouji Nae pushed her onto the tracks, where the train tore her to shreds. Could Nae be working for SERN too? No... No, that can't be right. Nae has a habit of jumping on Mayuri in greeting. She was probably just being her usual affectionate self. But why did she choose that precise moment? I don't know. I sense malice. Whose malice? It's like fate is playing a cruel joke on us. Whatever the case, all that matters now is that I have another chance. I need to act. I have the power to save Mayuri. I will do whatever it takes to find a way. This time, we hail a taxi on Chuo-dori. It'll be expensive, but that hardly matters now. Mayuri comes along quietly. I consider taking her home to Ikebukuro, but Moeka's group might be watching her house. I have no idea where they are at this point in time. Instead, I ask the driver to take us to Shinagawa. However... The traffic is unusually heavy. The driver says it's never been this bad before. There must be an obstruction up ahead -- an accident or something. That's the only explanation I can think of. We've made it out of Akiba, but at this rate, it will take forever to reach Shinagawa. I consider getting off here and taking the train, but then I remember what happened at Shin-Ochanomizu Station. I have a bad feeling about this. The traffic jam could be SERN's doing. I look out the window and scan the crowd for anyone who might be a SERN agent. Three hours later, we're still stuck. According to a conversation I overheard between our driver and another driver, there's some kind of inspection up ahead. Furthermore, it doesn't seem to be a police inspection, and a small fight broke out at the inspection site or something. To make matters worse, this road has already been closed off, and all the cars behind us are being detoured. There are only about 100 cars waiting, but the inspection has been at a standstill for three hours. This can't be a coincidence. Once again, I feel the malice of fate, manipulating the situation. Is Mayuri going to die again? If I'd known it was going to turn out like this, I'd have ditched the taxi hours ago. It's not too late. I should pay the driver and get off right-- Just then, someone knocks on the window. Our taxi is stopped in the middle of the road. What's going on? I look over, but before I can say anything, a man opens the rear door and gets in next to Mayuri.
Mayuri: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: He's holding a knife. Another assassin!
Rintaro: Mayuri, look out!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri opens her eyes wide. Her body twitches.
Rintaro: What--
UNSPOKEN: It all happens too fast. The man sinks his knife into Mayuri's chest. A bright red spot stains her clothes.
Rintaro: Wha...
Man Who Stabbed Mayuri: Be quiet, Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: Another man gets into the passenger seat. He points a gun at the driver and says something to him. Strength drains from Mayuri's body. Her eyes slowly close. A tear rolls down her cheek. I watch her die inches away, powerless to stop it. I can feel her last breath against my skin. They killed her again. Why? Why!? Why can't I save her!? Why won't you let me save her!? Who decided that Mayuri must die!? Moeka? SERN? Or-- Does the world itself wish for Mayuri's death? I won't accept that! I clench my jaw and throw myself forward, driving my forehead into the killer's nose.
Man Who Stabbed Mayuri: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: He falls back. I shout to the driver.
Rintaro: Open the door!
UNSPOKEN: I crawl out of the taxi and take off running through the traffic jam. After running for hours, I make it back to the lab. Luckily, the Time Leap Machine is still there. I have to leap again. Every time we run, Mayuri dies. Six hours into the past, I clutch my head and wrack my brain for an answer. I feel like I've hit a dead end. What do I do if we can't run away? Is there no way to save her?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Whatcha talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's blank stare is the only answer I get. This time, I take her to the closest police station and beg them to protect her. When asked why, I explain that someone is going to kill Mayuri six hours from now, but without any proof that there's someone after her, they have no choice but to turn us away.  It's past six by the time we leave the station, and we're left with no choice but to keep running. I wish that I could blame my previous failures on bad luck. We could try Ochanomizu or Shinbashi again, and maybe this time she won't die. But I don't have the courage to try those routes again. At the same time, we can't stay in Akiba. We're running out of options. Subways, trains, and taxis -- all out. Attempting escape by those means will get Mayuri killed. So my heart tells me. Perhaps the fear is irrational, but I can't put it out of my mind. I've seen her die a half-dozen times already -- shot, stabbed, torn to pieces. I can't go through that again. We take refuge in Yodobashi Camera. I thought we could keep hiding there indefinitely, but just after 7, we hear an explosion in front of the station. Yodobashi goes into chaos. Policemen appear and start evacuating the store. When I try to explain our situation, an officer shouts terrorist! and pulls his gun. This can't be happening. This isn't America. Japanese police officers don't shoot without provocation. Mayuri dies. It happens so fast. The policeman shoots her right in the head. I don't know if he was real policeman or a SERN assassin in disguise. It doesn't matter. I can't deny it any longer. The world itself is killing Mayuri. This time, I don't leap into action immediately. Instead, I sit on the couch and collect my thoughts. Every time I try to save Mayuri, it ends in the worst possible way. To make matters worse, I no longer even know what I'm supposed to be saving her from. Cause and effect. Why does Mayuri die? At first, I thought that it was Moeka and her hit squad, sent by SERN to steal our time machine. But as I leapt back in time again and again, the cause of Mayuri's death kept changing. At Shin-Ochanomizu Station, she died because Nae pushed her off the platform. SERN had nothing to do with that. It was an accident. Each time I leap, she dies a different way. What does that mean? I've been thinking for an hour, and I'm no closer to an answer. I want someone to tell me, but who can I ask? I'm the only person in history to leap through time. ...No, there's one more. John Titor. But he's not replying to my emails anymore, and he hasn't posted on @channel in days. I'm not even convinced he's a real time traveler. I decide not to run this time. Instead, I take a different approach. Strike first. I send Moeka an email. I need to talk to you about our time machine. Meet me alone. I designate the roof of Radi-Kan as our meeting place. Two weeks have passed since the satellite crashed, but it's still there and the building's still closed. At least the security has lessened, so it's easy for me to sneak in. Not that there's any sneaking to do. I just walk in through the front door like I belong there. No one questions me. Last time I came here was for Doctor Nakabachi's presentation. Of course, on this worldline, the presentation was canceled. Naturally, there's nobody here but me. It occurs to me that this is a dangerous gambit. Moeka might have a gun, and I already know that she's willing to use it. But then, I don't intend to play fair either. We're supposed to meet at 5:30. It's just after 5. I came early in order to ambush her. I hide in the shadows and wait with bated breath. About thirty minutes later, I hear the door open. Moeka makes her entrance, alone. She looks around restlessly. She still hasn't noticed me. I take a gun out of my shirt. It's not real. It's Future Gadget No. 1, the Bit Particle Gun. It's just a toy raygun with a remote control attached. Obviously a bluff, but all I could prepare on such short notice. I run up behind Moeka and shove the Bit Particle Gun into her back.
Rintaro: Don't move. Hands up.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Even though I'm still pointing the gun at her, Moeka steps away and turns to face me. Her eyes are cold, her expression unreadable.
Moeka: You'll still be held prisoner. Forever.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka takes the gun from my hand. I'm unable to resist.
Rintaro: Please... I'm sorry about the hacking. Just please, don't kill anyone.
UNSPOKEN: Something strikes the back of my head. My legs give out instantly, sending me to the ground. Darkness creeps in.
Attacker A: Target B in custody. Requesting pickup.
UNSPOKEN: Deep down, I knew. I can't save Mayuri. Even if Moeka's group doesn't kill her, someone or something else will. The world itself wants her dead. That is the choice of Steins Gate. ...Steins Gate? There's no such thing. Those words have no meaning.  It's just some nonsense I made up to sound cool. Steins Gate doesn't exist, but fate does. Fate. God. The will of the universe. An absolute force that no one can resist. It exists, and it has sentenced Mayuri to death. I wake up in the back of a station wagon. The windows are coated with black film, so I can't tell where we are. I feel a throbbing pain in the back of my head. My hands are tied behind me. What time is it? How long have I been unconscious? There's a man with me inside the car. I recognize him from a previous time leap. He's the one who stabbed Mayuri in the taxi. The man seems to notice I've woken up, but he doesn't speak. He just waves his gun menacingly, as if to say that there's no hope of escape. The dashboard clock reads 7:30. I look out the window again. Through the film, I manage to make out a street sign. We're close to the lab. Has the attack already happened? Before I left, I told everyone, including Mayuri, to run. If she did as I said, she won't die by their hands. But that doesn't mean she's safe. If I don't do something, Moeka's going to take the Time Leap Machine away. What will happen then? SERN can have the machine, if it will save Mayuri. The problem is that it won't, not when the world itself is determined to kill her. As long as the Time Leap Machine remains in my hands, I can keep trying to fix things. I'll leap again and again until I find a way to save her. But if I lose the machine, then the future is decided. A future without Mayuri. I have to get to it before they do, even if that means I might get shot. As long as I survive to reach the Time Leap Machine, everything will be alright.
Rintaro: Aaaaahhhhhh!!
UNSPOKEN: My bound hands limit me to headbutts and kicks, but I somehow manage to knock down the man guarding me and escape. My chest and neck are covered with blood. I must have been shot during the struggle, but thanks to the adrenaline pumping through my body, I barely feel any pain. I can still move. That's all that matters. I run up the stairs with my hands still tied. I can only pray that I'll be able to operate the Time Leap Machine quickly enough. Mayuri, Kurisu, and Daru are in the lab. So are Moeka and her men. When I open the door and burst in, everyone looks at me in surprise.
Mayuri: Okarin!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Are you trying to break the machine? You don't have to break it, Okabe. We already decided not to experiment. Remember? Anyway, put the chair down.
UNSPOKEN: I lower the chair slowly. Not because Kurisu told me to, but because I realized what would happen if I really did break the machine. It caused -- or will cause -- Mayuri's death, but at the same time, it is also my only chance of averting that future. If I lose it, I lose my only hope of saving her. The fear of that outcome stayed my hand.
Kurisu: You look pale. What's wrong? Are you listening?
UNSPOKEN: I can't deal with this. Not now.
Kurisu: W-wait!
UNSPOKEN: I flee from the lab. I don't have a particular destination in mind. People look at me strangely as I shuffle down the street. I imagine I must look like I crawled up from the grave. Soon, I get fed up with the crowd around the station and escape to the pedestrian overpass. I get about halfway across the bridge and squat down on the concrete. The giant screen on the UPX building is advertising some gothic punk band. The ticker at the bottom displays today's weather forecast along with the date and time. I realize that today is Friday the 13th. Is there no way to get through today without Mayuri dying? It's already 5:30. Two hours until the attack. The lights around Akihabara Station turn on one by one as the sun sets. The moe might be gone from Akiba, but the area around the station is still as posh as ever. I don't belong here. The bridge I'm sitting on has become a date spot for couples. I see them standing here and there, gazing at the cityscape with their arms wound around each other. Somehow, they never seem to tire of the dull, unchanging scenery. What am I doing here? Mayuri's about to die.
Kurisu: Hey. Don't you think you're a little old to be sitting on the ground in public?
UNSPOKEN: I lift my head and see Kurisu standing there.
Kurisu: So this is where you went. I've been looking for you.
Rintaro: ...Christina.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: What time is it now?
Kurisu: 5:38. Hey. If you have time to sit around, then you can help me with the shopping.
UNSPOKEN: Shopping... Oh, right. Preparations for the party. In the original timeline, I went shopping with Kurisu at the UPX supermarket. And then we talked on this bridge, just like now. It feels like so long ago. Back then, I had no idea what was about to happen.
Kurisu: Well? Are you going to come along or not?
UNSPOKEN: I sigh deeply. I don't believe that it was wrong to time leap. However...
Rintaro: Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I keep my eyes lowered.
Kurisu: ...That's the first time you've said my name properly.
UNSPOKEN: I feel her eyes on me.
Rintaro: ...Help me.
UNSPOKEN: I can't save Mayuri alone. I realize that now. Reliving today again and again, only to taste the same despair each time, has taught me one important lesson. Alone, I am powerless. Alone, I have no hope.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Tell me what happened. I know you used the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: I look up in surprise. Kurisu doesn't meet my stare. Instead, she leans on the guard rail and gazes down at the plaza with her usual frown.
Kurisu: You get a phone call, and suddenly you're like a different person. It was obvious.
Rintaro: I came from three hours in the future.
Kurisu: What happened?
Rintaro: They... killed Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I lower my head, trying to hold back the tears. Then I explain about SERN and Moeka, and about how Kurisu herself activated the Time Leap Machine and made this possible. I tell her about my previous leaps. I explain that the world itself wants Mayuri dead, that I can't save her no matter how I try. I keep talking for thirty minutes straight. During that time, Kurisu hardly says a word.
Rintaro: ...It's all my fault.
UNSPOKEN: Talking to Kurisu lets me sort out everything I've done. Everything I've seen.
Rintaro: I shouldn't have told Daru to hack SERN. I shouldn't have asked you to build a time machine. I shouldn't have made Moeka a lab mem. Mayuri's death... is all my fault.
UNSPOKEN: That's why I needed to bear the burden myself.  I was resolved to do whatever it took to save Mayuri, never faltering, never giving up. And yet, my resolve has already crumbled.
Kurisu: If you know that Mayuri's going to die, then what are you doing wasting time here?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's tone is haughty. Is this how I sound when I'm playing Hououin Kyouma?
Rintaro: ...I just don't get it anymore.
Kurisu: What don't you get?
Rintaro: How to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Based on what you said, I guess the chronology protection conjecture is true.
Rintaro: No matter what I do, Mayuri dies.
Kurisu: And that's why you keep time leaping... There's no guarantee that the machine is safe, you know.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lowers her gaze and cups her chin, as she often does when assessing a problem.
Kurisu: Even if the machine works perfectly, repeated use may have serious side effects. For example, you may become disconnected from causality itself. You need to understand the risks if you're going to continue.
Rintaro: Disconnected from causality, meaning?
Kurisu: It happens all the time in sci-fi. You'll become trapped in a closed time loop, never aging, never dying, but doomed to repeat the same day for all eternity. Worst case, you may cease to exist entirely.
UNSPOKEN: What?
Kurisu: Every trace of your existence will vanish. Nobody will remember you, because your life will have never happened. Leaping through time is that dangerous.
Rintaro: 'Humans are temporal beings.'
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks surprised.
Kurisu: Heidegger. I was thinking of that quote too.
Rintaro: I heard it from you first.
Kurisu: When?
Rintaro: This isn't the first time I've leaped.
Kurisu: Right. Of course.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu squats next to me, thinking deeply.
Kurisu: If what you said is true, then I want to save Mayuri too. But as the co-creator of the Time Leap Machine, I can't recommend its continued use. Will you listen to my advice?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I can't do it alone. I know that now.
Rintaro: I need your help. I have to save Mayuri! I can't do it alone, but together, we might have a chance. I want... I need to believe that! Please, lend me your strength.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs.
Kurisu: You're such a stubborn fool. What you've been through... I'm surprised it hasn't broken you already.
UNSPOKEN: Incredibly, she sounds concerned about me. She looks at me for a moment, then turns away as if embarrassed.
Kurisu: I'll help. Mayuri's my friend, and a fellow lab mem. And besides... I don't want to see you in such pain.
Rintaro: I'm sorry.
Kurisu: Don't apologize. Remember when I told you about my father? You really helped me out back then. Now it's my turn to return the favor. I want to be your strength. Besides, you still have to come with me to Aomori.
UNSPOKEN: She smiles a wry but gentle smile, as if I were her mischievous younger brother.
Kurisu: I know you're going to leap no matter what I say. You are a mad scientist, after all, and mad scientists play by their own rules. Hey. Aren't you supposed to go 'muhahahaha' or something?
Rintaro: Yeah...
Kurisu: Why do I even try?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is right. I'll do anything to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Anyway, I'm not doing this for you, okay? I'm doing it for Mayuri.
Rintaro: Yeah, of course.
Kurisu: That, and I think you'll make a good test subject.
Rintaro: Now you're talking like SERN.
Kurisu: It's completely different.
Rintaro: How so?
Kurisu: I only experiment on you. Besides, mad scientists experiment on themselves all the time, don't they?
Rintaro: I guess...
UNSPOKEN: I'm no longer afraid to time leap. I'll do anything to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: I-it's just a joke. Don't take it so seriously.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stands up and looks at her watch.
Kurisu: There's not much time. I think you should have a clear plan before trying to change the future again.
Rintaro: Meaning?
Kurisu: Leap to an even earlier time. Then explain the situation to me again.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's right. My actions so far have been almost entirely random, and look where that's gotten me. I need a real plan if I'm going to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Let's go.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stretches out her hand. I grasp it and pull myself up. Mayuri and Daru are already back when we return to the lab. Suzuha is there too. To get rid of them, Kurisu and I explain that we forgot to do the shopping, so could they please take care of it for us? I have to cough up the money to convince them to go, but it works.
Kurisu: I understand why you can't tell Mayuri, but why can't you tell Hashida?
Rintaro: I'll tell him when it's necessary.
UNSPOKEN: For now, it's not, and I don't have time to explain. While Kurisu sets up the machine, I head downstairs to the Braun Tube Workshop, kick the door open, and turn on the 42-inch CRT. That went more smoothly than I anticipated. It's highly illegal, of course, but I'll leap long before the cops get here. Kurisu looks shocked when I return to the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: In a few seconds, it won't have happened.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands me the headgear and I put it on.
Kurisu: I see. That's how it looks from your perspective. What does it look like from my perspective? What happens here after you leap?
Rintaro: ...You'll know soon enough.
UNSPOKEN: My consciousness travels to the past. That, I know from experience. But what about the body I leave behind? If time is a straight line, then it's likely that the present will be reconstructed based on my actions in the past. But if the many-worlds interpretation holds, then after I leave, this world will continue on as if nothing happened. I used to be so fascinated by the structure of the universe, but now I don't really care. All that matters is saving Mayuri. Kurisu's fingers stop typing on the keyboard.
Rintaro: What's wrong?
Kurisu: It's nothing. I was just thinking.
Rintaro: Maybe it works like a D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: The instant we send a D-Mail, the present changes around us. Thanks to Reading Steiner, only I remember what it was like before the change.
Kurisu: That would make things easier, though I kind of hope you're wrong.
Rintaro: Because you can't collect data if you can't record the change?
Kurisu: Exactly.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods and begins tinkering with the settings again.
Kurisu: I set the destination to five hours ago. You should arrive around 1:40 PM. I completed the Time Leap Machine just after 2. Do you remember?
UNSPOKEN: Barely. For Kurisu, that happened only five hours ago. For me, it feels like weeks.  Maybe it has been weeks.
Kurisu: Nobody likes a man who can't remember dates. Be thankful that I make a habit of checking the time. I have a pretty good idea what happened when.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu finishes typing and turns to face me.
Kurisu: Listen, Okabe. If you're going to keep using the Time Leap Machine, there's one thing you must remember. Don't let go of your phone. Ever. It's your lifeline. Your destination marker. As long as you keep it with you, you can leap to any time you want. But if you lose your phone... if someone else gets ahold of it...
UNSPOKEN: Then if I leap to that time, my memories could overwrite theirs. I don't want to imagine what might happen next.
Kurisu: If it breaks, or the battery dies...
UNSPOKEN: Then I won't be able to leap to that time. If it breaks, then I can get a new phone with the same number, but there will still be a period of time to which I can never leap.
Kurisu: The time leap will fail. Once again, never let go of your phone.
Rintaro: Got it.
Kurisu: After you leap back to this afternoon, just sit tight and don't do anything until I complete the Time Leap Machine. If you accidentally prevent me from completing the machine, it will likely wreak havoc with the timeline. As soon as I finish, declare that we will not experiment. Then send everyone home. Ask me to stay. Tell me the truth. If you say you came from the future, I'll probably believe you.
Rintaro: How do you know?
Kurisu: Who knows me better than myself?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Don't forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine. When you told me about your time leap, I took it as proof that my theories were right. I was happy it succeeded. I really was. I didn't doubt it was true for a second.
UNSPOKEN: I see...
Kurisu: Just to be safe, I should probably give you a passphrase. What I want the most right now is my own fork.
Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: It doesn't mean anything, okay!?
Rintaro: You want your own fork?
Kurisu: I already have my own spoon... wait, that doesn't matter! Everything's ready! Now get out of here!
UNSPOKEN: I nod and call up the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Be careful. And remember... I'm always on your side.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu touches my shoulder, then steps away. I lie back on the sofa with my phone in my hand. Needles in my brain. A whining in my ears. These sensations never get any easier to endure. I look at the clock. It's about 1:45. There's a high-school baseball game on TV. In about fifteen minutes, Kurisu will finish the Time Leap Machine. All it needs are some final adjustments, so there's nothing for me to do but wait. As the pain in my brain subsides, I realize that my head is throbbing. Why? Oh, I remember. Right before this, I had an argument with Mister Braun in which he introduced his fist to my skull. Mayuri is at her sewing machine, working on her costume. Daru is at his computer, collecting moe artwork from the internet. Kurisu is in the development room, upgrading the Time Leap Machine. I sit, motionless, as the minutes tick by. Suddenly, the sound of the sewing machine stops.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin! Can you come here?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri shows me her costume.
Mayuri: Can you hold this for me? Spread it out like 'fwapp!'
Itaru: Mayu-shi, say 'fwapp' again.
Mayuri: Fwapp!
Itaru: I got a fwapp!
Kurisu: Stop it, perv.
UNSPOKEN: I follow Mayuri's directions and spread the costume out by the sleeves.
Mayuri: Hmm... Okay! Thanks.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks a little tired. She was working on this costume all night. But then she smiles, brighter than the sun.
Mayuri: All done♪
UNSPOKEN: ...I said something here, didn't I? What was it? I can't remember.
Mayuri: I finished before Chris-chan! We were racing.
Kurisu: You win, Mayuri. Congratulations. But I'm finished too.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu finishes connecting the two cords she's holding.
Kurisu: Complete.
UNSPOKEN: Alright, that's my cue.
Rintaro: We're not experimenting.
Kurisu: Eh!?
UNSPOKEN: Crap, was that too soon?
Kurisu: I just finished and you're already shutting it down? What I have been doing these past three days?
Rintaro: Time leaping presents a host of problems. I want to consider them all carefully.
Kurisu: H-huh. That's... an unusually respectable opinion, coming from you.
Mayuri: Problems? I thought it was done?
Rintaro: I'll explain later. Everyone's tired, so let's go home.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: We'll do that another day.
UNSPOKEN: I manage to convince Daru and Mayuri to leave. I lend Mayuri my phone charger, since we use the same brand of phone. Kurisu tries to go home too, but I quietly keep her back.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: ...Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: Probably because I shot her down right after she finished the Time Leap Machine. She'll feel relieved later, but only after she has time to fully consider its implications.
Rintaro: I came from five hours in the future.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu spears me with a piercing glare.
Kurisu: Is that supposed to be funny?
UNSPOKEN: Her narrowed eyes make me believe that looks can kill.
Rintaro: D-don't glare like that! This isn't right! You're supposed to believe me!
Kurisu: What made you think I'd believe something like that!?
Rintaro: You told me so! Five hours from now, okay!?
Kurisu: Don't be ridiculous. I would never make such a baseless projection.
UNSPOKEN: I'd like to have a word with future Kurisu. If this is how you're going to be, then you leave me no choice but to quote you word for word.
Rintaro: When I told you about my time leap, you said, 'I took it as proof that my theories were right. I didn't doubt it was true for a second.' 'Don't forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine.'
Kurisu: I don't talk like that!
Rintaro: What you want most right now is your own fork!
Kurisu: Wha--
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's face suddenly turns red.
Rintaro: You already have your own spoon, apparently.
Kurisu: S-she said that? I'm gonna kill myself five hours from now...
UNSPOKEN: She appears genuinely shocked, for some reason, but I'm pretty sure she believes me now.
Kurisu: It feels like someone peeked into my heart. And that someone is Okabe, of all people.
UNSPOKEN: What does she think I'm going to do?
Kurisu: But I think I believe you. Tell me the details.
UNSPOKEN: I explain everything to Kurisu again. I'm able to organize my thoughts better since this is my second time.
Kurisu: I see... If what you say is true, then we have a serious problem.
UNSPOKEN: There are five hours until Mayuri's death. We need to come up with a plan before then.
Kurisu: Future me said that the chronology protection conjecture holds, but I don't think that's quite right. That conjecture says that according to quantum theory, time travel is impossible due to the danger of disrupting causality. But when you time leap, there's no chance of a time paradox occurring.
UNSPOKEN: Two of me don't exist at the same time, and I can't bring anything with me to the past. All that changes are the memories stored in my temporal lobe. So at the very least, time leaping can't cause a Grandfather Paradox.
Rintaro: So I was right. The universe itself is censoring me, correcting any changes I try to make.
Kurisu: If that's true, then time leaping can't save Mayuri. Nothing you do will change the result.
Rintaro: ...I can't accept that.
Kurisu: Neither can I. The world is trying to kill Mayuri? As a scientist, I refuse to believe such nonsense.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: The many-worlds interpretation... That might have something to do with how Mayuri's means of death keeps changing. But it's supposed to be impossible for parallel worlds to observe each other. Why are you different?
Rintaro: Because of my esper power, Reading Steiner.
Kurisu: This is no time for your chuunibyou nonsense.
Rintaro: ...There's no other explanation.
Kurisu: You've mentioned that Reading Steiner thing before. Were you actually serious?
Rintaro: Why would I make up something like that?
UNSPOKEN: Our D-Mail experiments proved that I can somehow perceive changes in the timeline when they occur. It's an ability only I seem to possess.
Kurisu: I don't know, but I don't want to rely on something that may not even exist. Anyway, you can't control which possibilities you observe. Even if the many-worlds interpretation holds true, it's unreasonable to expect that you'll ever find a world where Mayuri doesn't die.
Rintaro: Wait. We're not getting anywhere. Instead of analyzing what I've done, let's think about what we can do.
Kurisu: Time leaping won't change the result. I just said that.
Rintaro: Then what do we do!?
Kurisu: Calm down.
Rintaro: How can I calm down!? Do you know how many times I've seen Mayuri die!? Covered in blood! Gasping for breath! The light fading from her eyes! Again... and again... and again... And all I could do... was watch!
UNSPOKEN: I hear my teeth grinding in my skull. Recalling that despair, that feeling of utter powerlessness, makes me want to lash out at everything within reach.
Kurisu: Getting emotional won't solve anything.
Rintaro: You're only calm because you weren't there!
Kurisu: ...True. I don't know what happens five hours from now. To be honest, it doesn't feel real at all. But it's not like I don't believe you. You have to stay strong, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pats my arm. Her hand is warm and her touch is gentle. How... American of her.
Rintaro: ...Sorry.
UNSPOKEN: She's right. Getting emotional won't solve anything. I need to calm down. Calm down...
Rintaro: What I don't understand is how the cause can change but the effect can stay the same. It's like causality itself is broken.
Kurisu: Maybe Kiryu Moeka shooting her isn't the real cause of her death. Maybe it's something larger and less obvious. For example, maybe she dies because we invented a time machine, or because SERN discovered our hacking. If that's the cause, then it doesn't really matter how she dies. Causality remains intact.
Rintaro: Can that theory explain why Nae pushed her in front of a train?
Kurisu: Oh, right... hmm... Anyway, the principle of causality is absolute. Deny that, and you deny all of physics. There must be a distinct cause for Mayuri's death.
Rintaro: So if we figure out what it is, then maybe we can save her.
Kurisu: Not necessarily.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: The problem is when the causal event occurred. If it happened too far in the past... then there's nothing we can do.
Rintaro: But I can travel to any time I had a cell phone, can't I!?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: 48 hours... I can only go back two days!?
Rintaro: Why didn't you tell me that before!?
Kurisu: Before what? I just finished the Time Leap Machine, remember?
UNSPOKEN: That's true...
Rintaro: Future you didn't say anything about it either.
Kurisu: Oh, so that's what you mean. Maybe she just didn't have the chance.
Rintaro: So how come I can only leap 48 hours?
Kurisu: I don't know. Even I don't understand everything that's going on inside that thing. But you can do consecutive leaps. That is, as long as the Time Leap Machine exists. For example, if the Time Leap Machine remains functional for ten straight years, you could leap back to this moment ten years from now. Of course, it would take a total of 1825 leaps, so I don't recommend it. Still, it's theoretically possible.
Rintaro: Then what's the problem?
Kurisu: Weren't you listening? I said, as long as the Time Leap Machine exists. When was the machine completed?
Rintaro: ...Ah.
Kurisu: Exactly. An hour ago. August 13th, 2010. 2:00 PM, or thereabouts. It didn't exist before then. It's impossible to use the machine before 2 PM today.
Rintaro: So what you're saying is...
UNSPOKEN: Count 48 hours back.
Rintaro: I can't go back farther than 2 PM on the 11th!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods, her expression grave.
Kurisu: Most likely.
Rintaro: Can't you improve it!?
Kurisu: Eventually, maybe, but certainly not now. I'd need a real laboratory with real equipment. It would be expensive, which means we'd need sponsors. And if we go looking, I'm pretty sure SERN would crush us. I'd say that's proven by the fact that neither you nor I have leapt here from the far future yet.
UNSPOKEN: So basically...
Rintaro: We can't do anything!? Even with the Time Leap Machine, we can't stop SERN from killing Mayuri five hours from now!?
UNSPOKEN: At that moment, I hear a sound from outside the window. What? Is it Moeka!? Did she overhear us!? I dash to the window and look down at the street. It's Suzuha. Her bicycle has fallen over, and she's scurrying to pick it up. Our eyes meet.
Rintaro: ...Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Why does she look so pale? Her lips move slightly. It looks like she's whispering something, but I can't make it out from here.
Rintaro: Hey!
UNSPOKEN: I call out to Suzuha, but she leaps on her bike and zips away. She's acting strange. I smell a conspiracy. Moeka was a spy. Could Suzuha be the same? It's too dangerous to trust anyone. Suzuha has exhibited suspicious behavior, though not as much as Moeka has. She's openly hostile towards Kurisu, and she was able to take down SERN's hit squad singlehandedly. I wonder if this missing father of hers really exists. Could he be the John Titor who's been posting on the internet? What is the meaning of the name Barrel Titor? Instinct tells me that she knows something. I dash out of the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I know I don't have much chance of catching her on foot, but I have to try. There's something going on here. This is a completely new sequence of events. According to my memories of the future, Suzuha is supposed to remain at the Braun Tube Workshop until 6:30 this evening. But when she overheard me talking to Kurisu, she suddenly took off like a bat out of hell. This has to mean something. Suzuha's already out of sight, but when she left, she was headed for Chuo-dori. I wonder if her phone's on. Maybe I should just try calling her. Come to think of it, this reminds me of something. On the day she failed to meet her father, she disappeared without a word -- just an email saying bye. I searched the town, but I couldn't find her, so I sent a D-Mail that changed the past in order to make her stay. I'm pretty sure I lost her near the station back then. What happened on that timeline? Where did Suzuha go after failing to find her father?
Rintaro: Suzuha! I need to talk to you!
Suzuha: ...I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
Rintaro: ...What?
Suzuha: All because I acted like a spoiled child. This time, I'm going. Bye.
Rintaro: Hey! Suzuha! Wait!
UNSPOKEN: It's happening again. She's going to disappear. Last time, I lost sight of her near the station. I search up and down Chuo-dori, but find no trace of Suzuha or her bike. I have to be careful. There could already be Rounders here in Akiba. I comb the area around the station's main exit, but there's no sign of her anywhere. I lost sight of her here before, so I thought she might be close by. Maybe I should corner her on my next time leap, press her for answers before she can escape. I'd better get back to the lab. I start walking away from the station, but just then-- The people around me gasp and point. Everyone's looking up at the sky. No, not the sky. The satellite embedded in the roof of Radi-Kan. Why now? It's been there for two weeks. It's practically a landmark now. But everyone looks like they're seeing it for the first time. So I turn and look up too.
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: The lights on the satellite are blinking. Is someone inside? Who?
Rintaro: Suzuha? Or could it be Moeka!?
UNSPOKEN: The satellite has remained silent through all of my previous time leaps. What has changed? Obviously, the fact that Suzuha overheard my conversation with Kurisu. Previously, I lost sight of her at the station -- in other words, right next to Radi-Kan. Suzuha must be up there! Everyone's staring at the satellite. This is my chance to sneak in without being noticed. The shutters are half-open, just as they were when I confronted Moeka. I summon my courage and crawl through the crack. When I get inside, the first thing I see is Suzuha's bike lying on the floor.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: What is she trying to do? What is that satellite? How is it related to John Titor? Is it even a satellite? Nobody knows for sure. I checked online. No satellites fell out of orbit that day. When they do, whether by accident or design, they usually burn up in the atmosphere. It's impossible for one to land in such perfect condition. So what is it, then? A jolt suddenly runs through my body. Could it be... a time machine!? There's only one way to know for sure. I need to get there before Suzuha does something! The elevator and escalator aren't operating, so I bound up the stairs two at a time. My lungs gasp and my legs burn, but I force my body to carry me to the top. There's the satellite, lodged in Radi-Kan's roof. I notice wires holding it in place. The police must have done that so it wouldn't fall. There's a hatch open on the side of the machine. I see someone moving inside.
Rintaro: Suzuha!!
UNSPOKEN: The person freezes when I shout. I run to the satellite.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha turns to me with a sad expression. Behind her, I can see the interior of the satellite. It's surprisingly simple, without the switches and buttons you'd expect. Instead, there's a black box the size of a desktop PC. There are numbers on the screen -- 2010. 08. 13, and below that, 1975. 08. 13. Suzuha reaches out to press a button.
Suzuha: Ow!!
UNSPOKEN: Sparks burst from the panel. She jerks back, her fingertips burned.
Rintaro: What are you doing!?
Suzuha: ...It's not working.
Rintaro: You know how to use that thing?
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't reply. I see her shoulders sag.
Suzuha: It's not working...
UNSPOKEN: Those sparks had to be from an electrical short. My eyes are burning from the smoke.
Rintaro: Answer me, Amane Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: I swallow hard, then ask the question.
Rintaro: This is a time machine, isn't it? Are you a time traveler?
UNSPOKEN: With her head hung low, Suzuha nods.
Suzuha: I'm... John Titor.
UNSPOKEN: There's still a big crowd outside, so we exit the building on the side facing away from the station. Suzuha has calmed down a bit, so I start pressing her for answers.
Rintaro: What do you mean, you're John Titor?
Suzuha: ...Exactly what it sounds like. I'm the John Titor who's been posting on @channel.
Rintaro: ...I thought he was a guy.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha smiles humorlessly.
Suzuha: I fooled you? Guess my camouflage worked, then.
Rintaro: Who are you hiding from?
Suzuha: ...SERN.
Rintaro: Those stories you posted... were they...
Suzuha: True? Mostly. A few exceptions.
UNSPOKEN: It's those exceptions that bother me.
Rintaro: So you came from 2036, and that satellite... that's your time machine.
Suzuha: I was hoping you wouldn't find out, but my time machine went and broke on me. I really screwed up, huh?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Chevy? That's a car, right? Where'd you hear that?
Rintaro: The Titor in 2000 said so.
Suzuha: 2000? That might be me on a different worldline. At least, I haven't been to 2000. I came straight here from 2036.
UNSPOKEN: So it was someone else? It's true that Titor never posted in 2000, not on the current worldline. It doesn't matter. I can worry about that later.
Rintaro: What do you know?
UNSPOKEN: I press Suzuha for answers, trapping her between me and the wall so she can't escape.
Rintaro: You overheard my conversation with Kurisu, right? Why did you run to the time machine? What were you trying to do?
Suzuha: I thought it was my fault.
Rintaro: What?
Suzuha: Because I neglected my mission, SERN was able to put their plan in motion. ...Is it true!?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha suddenly grabs my shoulders.
Suzuha: Is it true that SERN kills Shiina Mayuri?
Rintaro: It's true. I time leaped from five hours in the future.
Suzuha: Time leaped... So you guys completed your time machine...
Rintaro: I need answers! What do you mean it's your fault!?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha bites her lip and looks away.
Suzuha: I'll tell you everything. I think you need to know. You... and Makise Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu? Why Kurisu? I'll guess I'll find out if I let Suzuha talk. We should head back to the lab. But first... I offer Suzuha my handkerchief. She looks at me for a second, then takes it and ties it around her burned hand.
Suzuha: ...Thanks.
UNSPOKEN: She should probably see a doctor about her hand, but there's no time for that. Mayuri's death is approaching. I just hope she's not in too much pain. I wrap a towel around her hand to keep people around us from staring.
Mayuri: Welcome back, Okarin! Oh! Suzu-san's with you too♪
UNSPOKEN: When we get to the lab, Mayuri and Daru are there for some reason. I thought I sent them home! Mayuri gives me a ditzy answer when I ask them.
Mayuri: I really thought we should celebrate the birth of Super PhoneWave-chan! So Daru-kun and I went shopping♪
UNSPOKEN: I should have known she wouldn't stay away. Kurisu looks as worried as I am. She leans close and whispers into my ear.
Kurisu: W-what do we do?
Rintaro: Make absolutely sure Mayuri doesn't find out.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods slightly.
Itaru: What are you guys whispering about?
Kurisu: Um...
Rintaro: How many times do I have to say it? No party!
Mayuri: Come on, Okarin. That's no fun!
Rintaro: It's not about fun.
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Suzuha. She's still looks depressed.
Mayuri: Suzu-san? Are you feeling okay?
Rintaro: Suzuha, Christina, and I have important matters to discuss. That's why I asked you to leave for the day.
Mayuri: Mayushii wants to hear too!
Itaru: Um, I think he's serious.
Mayuri: But Suzu-san looks sad... Mayushii's worried...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha hangs her head and bites her lip. I know she feels responsible for Mayuri's death. But how is she related? That's what I'm here to find out.
Suzuha: I want Shiina Mayuri and Hashida Itaru to stay. This concerns them too.
UNSPOKEN: If Suzuha says so, then I have no objections. But I quietly pull her aside and remind her not to tell them about Mayuri's impending death. Then I quickly explain Suzuha's true identity -- that she posted on @channel as John Titor, that the satellite is really a time machine, that she came from the year 2036.
Itaru: A girl from the future? That's awesome! Can I shake your hand?
Rintaro: We're not playing around here, Daru.
Mayuri: What year were you born?
Suzuha: 2017.
Mayuri: That's in seven years... You haven't been born yet, but you're here. Uh... huh???
UNSPOKEN: There's no time to deal with Mayuri's confusion.
Rintaro: Alright, Suzuha. Let's hear it.
Suzuha: Well, the gist is what I posted on @channel. I came from future, the year 2036. In my time, the world is a dystopia ruled by SERN. There's no war, no conflict, but no freedom either.
Mayuri: Diss-tope-ear?
Kurisu: A society where every activity is controlled by the government. In a dystopia, you're not allowed to eat bananas unless today is banana-eating day. If you break that rule, they throw you in jail without a trial.
Mayuri: That's terrible! Mayushii loves bananas...
UNSPOKEN: Forget about the bananas.
Suzuha: I'm part of the Resistance fighting to free humanity from SERN's control. I came to the past to change my present. From your point of view, I guess I should say the future. To change the future.
UNSPOKEN: Change the future... She doesn't sound like she's joking.
Mayuri: Um, what about finding your father? Was that a lie?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha doesn't answer. Does that mean it was a lie?
Kurisu: SERN is a research institution. They don't have political power. I explained that to John Titor several times online.
UNSPOKEN: ...Online?
Rintaro: ...Wait, don't tell me. You're 'KuriGohan and Kamehameha'!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns red and looks away.
Kurisu: Titor came forward, so it's only fair that I do too.
Rintaro: In that case, I'll come clean too. I was posting under my true name, Hououin Kyou--
Kurisu & Suzuha: I know.
Mayuri: Ah, you harmonized♪
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha frowns. She must not like having anything in common with Kurisu. She clears her throat and continues.
Suzuha: SERN is still a research institution in 2036. The world is actually ruled by SERN's secret backers, the Committee of 300.
Rintaro: The Committee of 300... They're real?
UNSPOKEN: That name was in SERN's top secret documents.
Suzuha: When SERN successfully completed their time machine, they became the sole entity with power over the fourth dimension, Time. In just two years, they remade the world to serve their purpose.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha glares at Kurisu.
Suzuha: In 2036, you're apotheosized as the mother of the time machine.
Kurisu: Apotheosized?
Itaru: In Japanese, please.
Suzuha: Apotheosized. As in revered, respected.
UNSPOKEN: She keeps using unusual vocabulary. Or maybe that's normal vocabulary in 2036?
Kurisu: Respected? Huh!? I-I am!?
Suzuha: In 2010, you pioneer time leap technology. Afterwards, you contribute to the development of SERN's time machine. That's what I know about Makise Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Is that why she treats Kurisu like an enemy?
Rintaro: Then I must be the father of the time machine, right?
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro is a terrorist in 2036. You're pretty infamous.
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: Seriously? I'm a terrorist in the future!?
Kurisu: I help SERN build their time machine? I don't believe it. SERN experiments on people against their will. They're a disgrace to scientists everywhere. I would never collaborate with them.
Suzuha: But that's how it is in the future.
Kurisu: How did the future me explain herself?
Suzuha: We've never met. By 2036, you're already dead... sorry.
Kurisu: Well... that's just great. I don't even make it to fifty?
Suzuha: In my time, there are two kinds of people: those who live extremely long lives, and those who die young, under suspicious circumstances. People who act against SERN are erased.
Kurisu: T-they erased me?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks into Kurisu's eyes. For once, she's not glaring at Kurisu.
Suzuha: ...Maybe you were being used by SERN too. Maybe they took your parents hostage and forced you to work on their time machine.
Kurisu: No... does that mean Mama's in danger?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's mother is in America. It's not terribly difficult to imagine SERN kidnapping her while Kurisu is away. After all, I watched Moeka kill Mayuri in cold blood.
Rintaro: Rounders.
Itaru: What's that?
Rintaro: SERN's private army. Or something like that.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha nods.
Suzuha: On paper, they're an independent technology research firm. In reality, they do the dirty work for SERN all over the world.
UNSPOKEN: According to Moeka, they have two chief duties. First, to acquire IBN 5100s, the only computers that can access SERN's secret database. Second, to find promising scientists in the field of time travel and force them to cooperate with SERN, or eliminate them if they will not.
Suzuha: So they already exist. I thought they might. In my time, they're our number one enemy.
Itaru: D-dirty work? Does that mean like... kidnappings and assassinations?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks to me with a question in her eyes. I shake my head.
Suzuha: In my time, yes. But I don't think they've reached that level in this time yet.
UNSPOKEN: Daru is visibly relieved.
Kurisu: Amane-san. You said that most of what you posted as John Titor was true, right?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Does that mean you know how the universe works? You claimed that the Everett-Wheeler model -- the many-worlds interpretation -- is correct.
Suzuha: That was a lie. Camouflage so that SERN wouldn't target me. If I mix one lie into the truth, then the bad apple spoils the barrel.
Kurisu: So you don't know.
Suzuha: I do. By 2036, scientists have successfully modeled the structure of the universe. And it's not the many-worlds interpretation.
Kurisu: Really? Tell me!
Rintaro: Attractor Fields...
Suzuha: Right. I told you by mail, didn't I?
Kurisu: What sort of model is that?
Suzuha: The universe is made up of worldlines and attractor fields.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha walks over to Mayuri's sewing table and picks up a ball of red yarn. She holds one end of the yarn and drops the ball to the floor, then holds about a meter of yarn in front of her face.
Suzuha: The universe is like this piece of yarn. Countless possible worldlines exist side by side, branching out to infinity. From a distance, it looks like a single string, but when you look closer, the string is actually made up of individual threads woven together. At the end, those threads converge on a single point. The paths are different, but the destination is the same.
Kurisu: Isn't that determinism?
Suzuha: Close. This model is a little looser. You could say it cherry-picks from the many-worlds interpretation and the Copenhagen interpretation.
Rintaro: If the branches all lead to the same place, does that mean there's only one world in the end?
Suzuha: Exactly. The bundle of worldlines that share a point of convergence is called an attractor field. There are also many attractor fields. This string is Attractor Field Alpha. The threads are Alpha worldlines.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha then cuts meter lengths of blue, yellow, and white yarn.
Suzuha: Blue is Beta, yellow is Gamma, and white is Delta. Each is made up of countless Beta worldlines, Gamma worldlines, or Delta worldlines.
UNSPOKEN: She twists the different colored strings together, then stretches them out as one fat, multicolored string.
Suzuha: Attractor fields are superpositioned like this. In each attractor field, the worldlines converge on a different result. They don't interact. Each attractor field is independent of the others. Of course, they all diverged from a common point somewhere in the past, and they will all converge again at some point in the future, but that takes many hundreds of years. You can think of the attractor fields as very long worldlines.
Itaru: Can you compare it to an eroge? Teach me, oh erotic one.
Kurisu: T-there's no erotic one here!
Rintaro: No, he's right. It is like an eroge. Each heroine's route is an attractor field, and the small choices within are the individual worldlines. But at the end, they all enter the true route for the grand ending.
Itaru: The only difference is the length of the common parts. By the way, I'd choose the little sister's attractor field.
Rintaro: Whatever.
Kurisu: You guys are hopeless. Better do something quick.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Just ignore them.
UNSPOKEN: Let me get this straight. The reason I can't save Mayuri... is that her death is the event upon which this attractor field converges? But that means... That means the world really is killing Mayuri.
Itaru: But then, isn't it impossible to change the future? It always converges in the end, right? No matter what you do, the result is the same.
UNSPOKEN: That's right. That's why Mayuri dies no matter how many times I leap.
Suzuha: We have to escape Attractor Field Alpha.
Rintaro: Escape?
Suzuha: In other words, we're going to jump to a worldline in Attractor Field Beta.
Kurisu: I thought attractor fields couldn't interact.
Suzuha: Attractor fields are normally separate, but if we go to the instant they diverge...
Kurisu: The instant they diverge... is that now?
Suzuha: I was taught that a major divergence occurs in 2010. This year, an earth-shattering event causes divergence at the attractor field level. The last time such a divergence occurred was in the year 2000, and before that, in 1991.
Mayuri: Umm, what happened those years?
Suzuha: Events that changed the face of the world.
Mayuri: Huh?
Rintaro: 1991 was the collapse of the Soviet Union, right? But what happened in 2000? 2001 had the 9/11 attacks...
Suzuha: The Year 2000 Problem.
Itaru: Y2K? But that was just hype. Nothing happened.
Suzuha: That's because the Alpha worldline we're on represents a world where Y2K didn't occur.
UNSPOKEN: So in other words, there are worlds where it did occur?
Suzuha: And that brings us to 2010.
Mayuri: Did something big happen this year?
Suzuha: What else could it be...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks towards the development room.
Suzuha: But the creation of humanity's first time machine?
Mayuri: Oh yeah! Wow!
Kurisu: One more question.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu keeps plowing ahead. I guess that's what makes her a scientist.
Kurisu: These worldlines aren't parallel worlds, are they?
Suzuha: No. Ultimately, they're just possibilities that exist simultaneously.
Kurisu: Then how do you observe the differences between worldlines? Wouldn't you need a god's eye view to do that?
Suzuha: Normally. However...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks at me. ...Don't tell me!
Rintaro: Reading Steiner!?
Suzuha: Is that what you call it? Okabe Rintaro, you have the power to observe changes across worldlines. Correct?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Suzuha: That's the key. Your power is the key to freeing the world from SERN's rule. You have the power of a god.
Rintaro: My power...
Suzuha: If you escape Attractor Field Alpha and reach a Beta worldline... then the result will change.
UNSPOKEN: I feel a shiver of excitement.
Rintaro: So there's hope?
UNSPOKEN: I can save Mayuri? Suzuha nods firmly. Then I must do it. I have no choice.
Kurisu: Wait a second.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, however, is not so enthusiastic.
Kurisu: How do we know this is all true? What if Amane-san is just making stuff up?
Suzuha: What!? I'm not making stuff up!
Kurisu: Calm down. I'm not trying to pick a fight. But I still have questions. One, how do you know about Okabe's power? Two, how did you know Okabe and I were in Akihabara in 2010? Don't you know a little too much for someone born in 2017?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: ...It was written in Dad's will.
UNSPOKEN: His will?
Mayuri: What do you mean?
Suzuha: His will was what made me decide to time travel. My dad was one of the founding members of the Resistance. He hid from SERN and researched time travel on his own. He wanted to change the future. But SERN killed him. That's why I'm here. To fulfill his dream.
Kurisu: ...I'm sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha doesn't look at Kurisu. She still seems to have a grudge against her. Kurisu would never actively cooperate with SERN. I know that, but I just can't say it in front of Suzuha. For some reason, Suzuha really does see Kurisu as responsible for the problems of the future. But if that's the case, why doesn't Suzuha just kill Kurisu? Wouldn't that change the future too? Maybe she can't. Worldlines converge. No matter how hard I struggle, Mayuri dies. Similarly, it may be impossible for Suzuha to kill Kurisu... no matter how much she may want to. Suzuha clears her throat as if to change the subject.
Suzuha: Akihabara, 2010. The time machine created here accelerates SERN's own time machine research. We have to stop that from happening in order to guide history in a new direction.
Itaru: Stop it? How?
Rintaro: SERN already knows about us.
UNSPOKEN: That's clear from Moeka's attack.
Suzuha: Dad believed that the ultimate cause was the very first email you sent with your time machine.
Rintaro: An email? It wasn't because they caught us hacking?
Itaru: Like I said, nobody can catch my hacking.
Kurisu: Which email are you talking about?
Mayuri: Um, I know! Wasn't it the email Okarin sent that said Chris-chan died?
UNSPOKEN: Right. The email I sent to Daru right after Doctor Nakabachi's conference.
Kurisu: Oh, that...
UNSPOKEN: Back then, we hadn't yet realized that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) was a time machine.
Suzuha: SERN probably intercepted that email and realized what it meant.
Rintaro: They were already on to us back then?
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, the first time I met Moeka was the day after I sent that email.
Itaru: We really jumped in the deep end, huh...
Mayuri: Mayushii's good at the breaststroke!
Itaru: Alright, then do a sexy underwater pose.
Rintaro: But how did they intercept our email? Hundreds of millions of emails are sent around the world each day.
Suzuha: SERN uses the Echelon network to collect communications pertaining to time travel research worldwide.
Rintaro: Echelon!? It really exists!?
UNSPOKEN: As an expert on conspiracies, I understand the implications, and they terrify me. No one else seems to get what Suzuha's saying, though.
Suzuha: Echelon sees everything. Any transmission that even hints at time travel is filtered and sent to SERN.
UNSPOKEN: For example, an email that appeared to have come from the future.
Suzuha: We need to find the record of that email in SERN's database and delete it. If you do that, then SERN will never know you exist. Their time machine won't be completed in 2034. If we're lucky, the program may be shut down entirely.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Hmm... there wasn't any data like that when we hacked SERN's database.
Suzuha: The IBN 5100.
Itaru: Oh!
Rintaro: Of course! SERN's IBN 5100 database!
Suzuha: That's probably where they store the data from Echelon.
UNSPOKEN: So that's what it is!
Rintaro: Dammit, Daru! Why didn't we use the IBN 5100 earlier!?
Itaru: Uh... we never had one?
Rintaro: What are you talking about!? I got one, remember!?
Itaru: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Right... That was on a different worldline. On this worldline, I never found the IBN 5100.
Suzuha: My mission is to make sure you acquire an IBN 5100.
Rintaro: You have one!?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shakes her head.
Suzuha: I'm going to 1975 to obtain one.
UNSPOKEN: 1975. The year the IBN 5100 went to market. I know because the John Titor in 2000 said that was his mission. Was that John Titor Suzuha too? Anyway, if Suzuha can get us an IBN 5100, then we can leave this attractor field and jump to a Beta worldline, where SERN never finds us and their time machine is never completed. Mayuri won't have to die.
Rintaro: Alright! We need to move fast. How soon can you leave, Suzuha?
Suzuha: I was trying to leave when you caught me, but...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha bows her head apologetically. I look at her burnt hand. She's hiding it from Mayuri and Daru, but I can see the blood staining my handkerchief. It hurts to look at. Maybe we should get her to a doctor.
Rintaro: Right... your time machine's broken.
Kurisu: Can you fix it?
Suzuha: No. I just ride it. My dad's the one who built it. I've memorized the manual, so I know how it works, but...
UNSPOKEN: That doesn't mean she knows how to repair it, and there's no guarantee that a time machine from 2036 can be repaired with today's technology.
Kurisu: Maybe we can use the Time Leap Machine to go back before Amane-san's time machine broke.
Itaru: Wait, you're going to use the Time Leap Machine? Wasn't the plan not to experiment?
UNSPOKEN: I still haven't told Daru about my time leaping. There's no time to explain.
Rintaro: We'll use it if the situation demands. Do you know when it broke, Suzuha?
Suzuha: No... but it was probably the rain a few days ago. It's supposed to be airtight, but the inside was all wet when I checked it today.
Itaru: Maybe it made a hole when you crashed into Radi-Kan?
Suzuha: That wasn't a crash. The coordinates were slightly off, so it just appeared there. It's not exactly the most stable machine.
Rintaro: Anyone remember when it rained?
Kurisu: The morning of the 10th. Just before dawn.
UNSPOKEN: The Time Leap Machine can only cover 48 hours in a single leap. And the Time Leap Machine was completed today, the 13th, at 2 PM. That means we can't go farther back than 2 PM on the 11th.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I thought we had a glimmer of hope...
Itaru: I think we should try to fix it.
Mayuri: Yeah! It's a time machine, so we have plenty of time, right?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, Suzuha, and I say nothing. We know. In less than two hours, Mayuri will die. It's already 5:30. There's barely enough time to sneak into Radi-Kan, let alone fix Suzuha's time machine. Maybe I should leap now to 2 PM on the 11th. Then we'll have two full days to fix the machine.
Rintaro: You're all hungry, aren't you? You should be.
Itaru: What's this all of a sudden?
Mayuri: Mayushii's hungry!
UNSPOKEN: As expected from a glutton. I take a 10, 000 yen bill out of my wallet.
Rintaro: Mayuri, Daru. I leave the shopping to you. We can come up with a plan while we eat.
Mayuri: Wow, Okarin! What are we going to do with all this money?
Rintaro: Buy food. Lots of food. Use it all!
Itaru: You just calmly hand over a 10, 000 yen bill... wow, Okarin, you make it look easy! That's why we love you! That's why we admire you!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru leave in high spirits. I knew the 10, 000 yen bill would work.
Rintaro: Christina. Titor.
Suzuha: Titor? Is that me?
Rintaro: Who else?
Suzuha: Why are you calling me that now?
Rintaro: Because you're the one behind Titor's mask.
Suzuha: Well, yeah, but...
Kurisu: Just give up. Okabe rarely calls anyone by their name.
Suzuha: Oh yeah. He always calls me 'Part-Time Warrior' for some reason.
Rintaro: Listen, you two. I'm going to leap to 2 PM on the 11th. After Titor explains herself again, we'll start repairs on the time machine. Our goal is to have it working by this time today.
Kurisu: Is that the best plan?
Rintaro: It's better than trying to fix it when we only have two hours left. If it doesn't work, I'll just keep repeating the same two days.
Suzuha: ...I'm sorry.
Rintaro: Titor. We're counting on you to get us an IBN 5100. Never forget. I'm not doing this for you, and I'm not doing it for the future. My mission is to save Mayuri. Call me self-righteous if you want. However... I'm doing this my way.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Suzuha give an encouraging nod in agreement.
Rintaro: Good. Then let's begin.
Kurisu: You're not going to name the operation?
UNSPOKEN: Who cares about that? This isn't a game. Mayuri's life hangs in the balance.
Kurisu: You couldn't find a good Norse mythology-themed name?
Suzuha: Why Norse mythology?
Kurisu: I don't think there's a deep meaning behind it. Chuunibyou patients just love Germanic names for some reason.
Suzuha: Now that you mention it, most of our operation names in the Resistance have Germanic names too. Whenever I ask, they say it's tradition.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Cut the chatter!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's life hangs in the balance. There's no time for this nonsense! Kurisu sets up the Time Leap Machine while Suzuha goes to turn on the 42-inch CRT. Well before Mayuri returns, I leap. When I come to, I'm standing with my phone in hand. While I wait for the ringing in my ears to subside, I check the date and time on my phone screen. August 11th, 2:21 PM. Alright. Now I have two more days. As a matter of fact, I leapt twice. First to 2 PM on the 13th, when the machine was completed. From there, I leapt an additional 48 hours to 2 PM on the 11th. It was my first consecutive leap, but it seems to have gone well. I immediately head downstairs to see Suzuha. I'm relieved to see that her hand isn't burned. When I explain the situation, Suzuha races to Radi-Kan to confirm my story.  After she realizes that I'm telling the truth, I take her back to the lab and have her repeat the explanation she gave us before I time leaped. We come to the conclusion that all we can do right now is try our best to repair Suzuha's time machine.
Itaru: Let's go take a look!
UNSPOKEN: Daru is unusually enthusiastic. I guess Suzuha's talk of attractor fields and divergence and correcting history's mistakes got his blood pumping.
Mayuri: H-hold on, everyone!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stops us as we're about to leave the lab.
Mayuri: Um, guys? Aren't we forgetting something?
Itaru: Like what?
Mayuri: What about Suzu-san's dad?
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. I thought Suzuha was lying about that. But when I turn to her, she looks away.
Suzuha: ...That doesn't matter now, does it?
Mayuri: It does too! I mean, it'll take time to fix the time machine, won't it? We should help Suzu-san find her dad in the meantime! Right?
Rintaro: But...
UNSPOKEN: When I show reluctance, Mayuri's puffs out her cheeks.
Mayuri: Don't be like that, Okarin! You have to keep your promise.
UNSPOKEN: What promise?
Mayuri: We promised, remember? We said we'd all look for Suzu-san's dad.
UNSPOKEN: That's right... We convinced her to stay by promising to help look for her father.
Rintaro: Yeah... I remember.
Mayuri: I know Suzu-san has a mission and stuff, but I think she also came because she really wanted to meet her dad. Mayushii wants to make that happen!
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri feels that strongly about it, there's no way I can refuse.
Suzuha: Shiina Mayuri... you're such a nice girl...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha sniffles.
Suzuha: ...You're right. I thought I could find him if I came to this town. I know that he was in Akihabara in 2010.
Rintaro: So your father's real!?
Suzuha: Of course he is! At this age, he's probably still young and cool.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Yeah, that's right.
Mayuri: Wow, a foreigner?
Suzuha: No, I'm pretty sure he's Japanese. Barrel Titor is his codename in the Resistance. I don't think he's using it yet.
UNSPOKEN: So that's why Suzuha called herself John Titor.
Suzuha: I... don't know his real name. Some daughter, huh?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks like she's about to cry for an instant, but she quickly covers it with a bitter smile.
Suzuha: He died before he could tell me.
UNSPOKEN: Hearing that, I realize how hellish the world she came from must be.
Rintaro: What about your surname, Amane?
Suzuha: That was my mother's maiden name.
Kurisu: So you have no leads?
Suzuha: Leads... oh, there is one thing.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha claps her hands together and starts patting her pockets. A few seconds later, she reaches into one and pulls out...
Mayuri: A pin?
UNSPOKEN: I've seen Suzuha fiddling with it before. It's just a regular pin, the kind you stick on your hat or bag.
Mayuri: There's something written on it.
UNSPOKEN: It reads OSHM***A 7010.
Suzuha: This belonged to my dad.
Kurisu: A memento...
Rintaro: Google it, Daru!
UNSPOKEN: Daru runs a search, but gets only incomprehensible foreign sites.
Suzuha: He was here in Akihabara, so I think we can exclude the foreign sites.
Itaru: Okay, got it.
UNSPOKEN: He narrows the search down to Japanese sites. But even then, none of the results look relevant.
Itaru: Nothing!
Mayuri: But this has to be some kind of hint!
UNSPOKEN: With Suzuha's permission, I take a picture of the pin.
Mayuri: Okay, all in favor of helping Suzu-san find her dad?
UNSPOKEN: I want to argue that there's no time for that, but Mayuri's right when she says that the time machine won't be ready for a while. I guess there's no harm in letting her have her way. After all, there's no point in running, not even with two days' head start. Even if I dragged Mayuri to the ends of the Earth, we wouldn't be able to escape her death. I know that now.
Rintaro: ...No objections.
Mayuri: Thanks, Okarin♪ Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: Daru raises his hand in agreement. So does Kurisu. It's decided. We'll help Suzuha find her father.
Suzuha: Everyone... thank you. But I want to be clear that my mission to 1975 comes first. That was my dad's final wish, after all. So if we still haven't found him by the time repairs are complete, I think we should give up. Is that okay?
Mayuri: Are you sure?
Suzuha: If we still haven't found him by then, it just wasn't meant to be.
UNSPOKEN: It's a relief to hear Suzuha say that.
Itaru: So where do we start?
Rintaro: The pin is our only hint. We'll hit every store in Akiba that sells things like this. Maybe someone will know where it came from.
Suzuha: What kind of stores?
Rintaro: Akiba is full of niche stores where you can find strange and cool accessories.
UNSPOKEN: It's hard to sneak into Radi-Kan in the daytime. There isn't a crowd out front like before, but pedestrian traffic remains constant. It takes us about 30 minutes to find a way in. Kurisu is back at the lab, working on the Time Leap Machine. It needs to be complete by 2 PM on the 13th. If she's late, it could affect my ability to time leap, which would lower my chances of saving Mayuri. Speaking of Mayuri, she wandered off somewhere in search of Suzuha's father.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I call to Daru, who's examining the flooded satellite -- I mean, time machine -- while Suzuha and I keep a lookout. Daru crawls out of the machine. He's covered in sweat, and his breathing is heavy. We quickly help pull his huge body out. The time machine is completely visible from the street. If someone were to see us up here, they might report us to the police. It's been two weeks since the satellite appeared, but Akiba still has tourists who come just to see it. We need to take care not to be noticed.
Itaru: It's so freaking hot in there. It's worse than a sauna. Spend too much time in there and I'll turn into Daru jerky. By the way, it's not gonna fall or anything... right?
UNSPOKEN: The time machine is balanced precariously on the ledge, but the police have hooked up support wires, so Daru probably has nothing to worry about.
Suzuha: Can it be fixed?
Itaru: Well, I still don't know for sure. But there is one thing I noticed just now. It's built kind of like the PhoneWave.
Rintaro: That means there's a chance, right!?
Itaru: I said I'm not sure. I need to poke around some more.
Rintaro: Daru. Super Hacka. Everything depends on your skills now. You are the super hacka who will save the world. In 2036, people will worship you instead of Kurisu, the mother of the time machine.
Itaru: It's hacker! How many times do I have to tell you!?
Rintaro: Anyway, you have two days. Do whatever it takes, Daru.
UNSPOKEN: I place my hand on Daru's shoulder and look straight into his eyes.
Rintaro: You're our only hope.
Itaru: No promises, man. And why two days?
Rintaro: Well...
UNSPOKEN: Because that's when Mayuri will die. But I can't say that.
Suzuha: In two days, the weather conditions will be perfect for creating the ring singularity. If we miss that window, we won't have another chance until next year.
UNSPOKEN: Nice excuse, Suzuha!
Rintaro: P-precisely!
Itaru: Fix it in two days? That's just nuts.
Rintaro: But if you do, you'll earn the right to a date with Faris.
Itaru: ...!?
Rintaro: Can you fix it?
Itaru: No problem!
UNSPOKEN: Great. Now I just need to figure out how I'm going to convince Faris... OSHM***A 7010 We're searching for something with the same cryptic logo as this mysterious pin. Honestly, I didn't think it would be this difficult. Akiba has plenty of niche stores, but they're all for electronic goods and PC parts. There aren't that many selling accessories like Suzuha's pin. We check every one we can find, but come up empty-handed. None of the store employees have any idea where it came from either. We even check nearby neighborhoods like Ueno and Asakusa. Nothing. Suzuha and I return to the lab with heavy hearts.
Kurisu: Welcome back.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu emerges from the development room to greet us. She's alone.
Kurisu: From the looks on your faces, I guess you didn't find anything.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: He hasn't come back yet. It's already dark, so maybe he went straight home?
UNSPOKEN: It's too dark to work at Radi-Kan now. We can't use lights, because that would be too conspicuous to the people below.  Mayuri isn't around. Is she making any progress in the search for Suzuha's father?
Suzuha: I feel bad. There's no time for this...
Rintaro: It's not for you. We're doing it to save Mayuri.
Suzuha: ...Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: I start up Daru's computer and search the net for communities of people who collect unique pins. I'll investigate tomorrow based on the information I find. There's a pin collecting group on a site called FrePara, where everyone shows off their collections. I post there, asking for information. I'm sleeping on the couch when a loud alarm rings in my ears.
Rintaro: Is it SERN!?
UNSPOKEN: I jump up and see Kurisu and Suzuha. Kurisu is holding her phone. That's the source of the sound.
Kurisu: Good morning.
UNSPOKEN: Her sour expression says it's not good at all. I wish she'd put herself in my shoes and see what it's like to be woken up suddenly like that. I check the time on my phone. It's just before 7 AM.
Rintaro: ...You came to wake me up? Thanks.
Kurisu: I didn't do it for you.
Suzuha: I asked her to wake you up, Okabe Rintaro. There's something I want to show you.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that there's a strange object sitting on the table in front of me.
Rintaro: ...What's this?
Suzuha: A divergence meter. The numbers indicate the divergence value of the current worldline.
UNSPOKEN: The meter displays 0. 337187%.
Suzuha: Divergence is measured from my original worldline, which corresponds to zero.
Rintaro: You made this?
Suzuha: No. I brought it with me from 2036.
Rintaro: These are Nixie tubes, right? Whoever made this has taste. I'd happily dub it Future Gadget No. 9.
Kurisu: How exactly does it work? It shouldn't be possible to measure changes like that.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shrugs.
Suzuha: I don't know either.
Rintaro: You don't know!?
Suzuha: Can you guess who made it?
UNSPOKEN: How should I know?
Suzuha: You did, Okabe Rintaro.
Rintaro: Huh?
Suzuha: You made it, umm... 11 years from now. It apparently works the same way your special power does.
Rintaro: Huh...
Kurisu: So this meter lets other people check worldline divergence?
Suzuha: I wish. I'm pretty sure only Okabe Rintaro would notice if the number changed.
Kurisu: What? Then there's no point. Make something useful for once, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Kurisu's complaints and look at the meter again. This is something I made. Fifteen years have passed since I completed it. Eleven years will pass before I complete it. It's a strange feeling.
Suzuha: Only the person who made it knows how it works. Wait 11 years. I'm sure he'll have figured it out by then.
Rintaro: Have you met me in the future?
UNSPOKEN: She did say I was an infamous terrorist in 2036. For some reason, Suzuha's expression darkens momentarily.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Oh... So, why are you showing me this?
Suzuha: When the meter reads over 1%, you've made it to the Beta worldline.
Rintaro: 1%...
Suzuha: Right. Reach 1% divergence... and you'll save Shiina Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I stare at the glowing red numbers. They don't budge. Just another 0. 6%... it seems so easy. But there are six digits after the decimal point, and no tens place. What does that mean? Something tells me it won't be as easy as it looks.
Suzuha: You can have it. No point in me carrying it around. I hope you'll find a use for it.
UNSPOKEN: Based on recommendations from the BBS thread, I spend the morning visiting stores in Akiba. My destinations run the gamut from otaku stores packed with anime goods to souvenir shops full of Olympic memorabilia. I even visit a few that specialize in locally-manufactured goods. But although I hit just about every kind of store that could be considered niche, I am unable to find anything that resembles Suzuha's pin. Maybe I should go all the way to Ikebukuro or Nakano. I start heading back to the lab, but just then, a street vendor catches my eye. The storekeeper is a foreigner covered in tattoos. The table next to him is covered with accessories and other fashion items. This is the first time I've seen such a stylish street stand in Akiba. Most vendors just sell random junk. It's not like I have anything to lose, so I walk over and check out the selection. Among the various accessories, I see a number of metal pins. What a coincidence. Could he have a pin like Suzuha's? I don't see the OSHM***A 7010 logo on any of the displayed accessories, but I'd better ask just to be sure. Umm... he's a foreigner... so maybe I should use English? Our eyes meet. His are as bright and blue as the sky. I quickly look away. Damn! He must think I'm a coward. Better get this over with.
Rintaro: HEY, MASTER. I AM MAD SCIENTIST. SO COOOOL. SONUVABITCH!
Master: Can I help you?
UNSPOKEN: He smiles a wide, toothy smile -- nice teeth -- and answers in Japanese. I was hoping for more of a reaction...
Rintaro: Um, I have a question, if you don't mind.
UNSPOKEN: I take the photocopy of Suzuha's pin out of my pocket.
Rintaro: Does this look familiar?
UNSPOKEN: The man stares at it for a while, then shrugs and shakes his head in the exaggerated manner typical of westerners.
Rintaro: I want to know where it came from. Can you help me find out?
Master: Ee... remember... remember? Hmmm, sorry, itsa little diff-cult, eh...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: That's what I want to know. I'll compensate you.
Master: I sorry.
UNSPOKEN: He apologizes in broken Japanese. It looks like this is another dead end. Just in case, I give him my contact information and ask him to get in touch if he finds out anything. Then I turn to leave.
Suzuha: Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's standing a short distance away. She's holding a drink. It's my favorite, Dr P -- no, wait, that's cola.
Suzuha: 'Sup. Want a drink?
UNSPOKEN: I accept the offer, and quench my thirst while leaning on the roadside fence. Last time I saw her, Suzuha was on her way to Kanda to continue the search. How long has she been standing here?
Rintaro: Anything?
Suzuha: Nope. So what was with your English back there? It sounded dumb. 'So cooool.' Is that standard English in this era?
Rintaro: Of course not.
Suzuha: Oh, so it's an Okabe Rintaro original. There's no overseas travel in my time, so I wouldn't know.
Rintaro: No overseas travel? What, you mean at all?
Suzuha: Pretty much. Travel permits are hard to get, and they'd never issue one for a vacation. I'd never seen a foreigner before coming to this time.
UNSPOKEN: So in the future, no one is allowed to leave Japan? Japan was like that a few centuries ago too, when the Tokugawa shogunate closed the country to the west. It sounds like SERN set international relations back hundreds of years. Perhaps that's why there's no war in Suzuha's time. It's hard for conflicts to emerge when races and cultures can't interact. It sounds kind of like a prison with invisible walls, guarded by SERN and the Committee of 300. I mean, ending war is obviously a good thing, but... Anyway, there's no point thinking about the distant future now. We need to come up with a new plan. The sunlight beats on my head, making it hard to think. I feel like I'm standing in a sauna. Why does the sun hate me so much? Shining in the center of the sky like he owns the damn place... Dammit! Why can't we find any information on that pin? I suppose it's no skin off my back if we don't find Suzuha's father. As long as Daru fixes the time machine, nothing else matters. So why do I feel so bad about my lack of progress? I really don't know. Maybe I'm just frustrated by my own powerlessness. I can't save Mayuri. I can't fix Suzuha's time machine. I can't even help Kurisu with the Time Leap upgrade. So what am I good for? The only thing I can do is help Suzuha find her father.
Rintaro: ...Maybe this pin is newer than we think. I mean, maybe it hasn't been made yet.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha stretches, then looks at me with a calm smile.
Suzuha: Maybe I'm not meant to meet him. I mean, we've tried everything and still no sign. It's just not in the cards, I guess.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: How can you give up? We still have one more day!
Suzuha: W-why are you getting mad?
Rintaro: Everyone's fighting for you. Don't you get it!? Me? I want to prioritize Mayuri over everything else! But you're still a lab mem, a friend! When a friend's in trouble, you want to help them. That's how Mayuri felt, and I agree. That's why I'm searching! So how dare you be the first to give up!?
Suzuha: Y-you don't have to yell!
Rintaro: Don't disappoint me like this!
UNSPOKEN: I tell myself to calm down. This is just my own feelings of impotence boiling over. There's no time for this.
Suzuha: I'm sorry. But maybe you should think about how I feel.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that we have an audience. Some pedestrians are grinning at us, like they think we're a bickering couple or something. I take a deep breath.
Rintaro: ...You're right. I shouldn't have said that.
UNSPOKEN: It's too awkward to make eye contact. So I look around, pretending to think.
Rintaro: ...Alright. What next?
UNSPOKEN: I wonder how the other lab mems are progressing. I'm especially concerned about Daru. Depending on the situation, he might need some relief. He's been working in that heat for hours, so we should bring him something cold to drink. And then there's Mayuri. She's been working alone, trying to find some information on Suzuha's father. If I close my eyes, I can still recall her death -- deaths -- in every detail. I resist the urge to pound my head against the wall. Although we still have over 24 hours before that happens, I can't help but worry about leaving her alone. But currently, all I can do is search for that pin.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.
Rintaro: Where are you now?
Mayuri: Umm, in front of the station.
Rintaro: Let's meet up. Stay right there.
Mayuri: Okay!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha and I head to the station. When we get there, I hear Mayuri's voice.
Mayuri: Please take one! We need your help!
Rintaro: What is she doing?
Mayuri: There's been a kidnapping! The kidnapper was wearing this pin! Please help us find him!
UNSPOKEN: Why is Mayuri passing out leaflets? When I call out to her, Mayuri smiles and wipes the sweat off her brow with a handkerchief.
Mayuri: Okarin, Suzu-san! Um, there's something I've been meaning to ask.
UNSPOKEN: Yeah?
Mayuri: The 'Barrel' in Suzuha's dad's name. What does it mean?
UNSPOKEN: Uh...
Rintaro: It's just a name. It probably doesn't mean anything.
Mayuri: But it's not his real name, right?
Suzuha: Right. It's a codename.
Mayuri: So why did he choose Barrel Titor? And why did you choose John, Suzu-san?
Suzuha: Because John's the most common English name.
Mayuri: But Barrel isn't common.
Suzuha: Now that you mention it.
UNSPOKEN: So she's saying there must be a meaning behind the codename? Is that what her leaflets are about? I take a look. ...Oh. Bring a kidnaper (sic) to justice! The evildoer wears this pin! He could be your neighbor! He could be standing next to you right now! If you have any information, please contact the email address below! It's all written in colored marker with cute drawings and a photo of Suzuha's pin attached. I've gotta say... Mayuri's childish handwriting really brings it all together.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What's this kidnapping stuff about?
Mayuri: It was my idea. I'm sure it'll make everyone want to help!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri grins triumphantly.
Mayuri: It's a good strategy, dontcha think? Umm, the operation name is 'Mayushii's Awesome Leaflet Plan'.
Suzuha: Um... isn't this going a little too far?
UNSPOKEN: Yeah, what happens if the police hear about--
???: You three.
Rintaro: !?
UNSPOKEN: My heart freezes as if sprayed with liquid nitrogen. I slowly turn around... A stern-faced policeman is standing there with crossed arms. Speak of the devil!
Policeman: What are these leaflets about? Let's talk at the station.
Mayuri: Ehh?
UNSPOKEN: I consider making a run for it, but that will just make things worse. I grab Suzuha's arm before she can do anything rash. Better just to bite the bullet and go along. After about an hour of interrogation, they release us without charges. Kurisu greets the three of us when we return to the lab dead tired.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe, remember the lifter? I don't suppose you've figured out what it is... no, of course you haven't.
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. We hadn't discovered the lifter at this point in time.
Rintaro: I already know. It's the 42-inch CRT downstairs.
Kurisu: R-really? What's your proof?
Rintaro: I've been here before, remember?
Kurisu: ...Oh, right. The CRT... I see...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu heads back into the development room, nodding to herself.
Mayuri: I'm sorry, guys. I made things worse...
UNSPOKEN: I give Mayuri some chicken to cheer her up. There's not much time left. What else can we do before the time limit?
Kurisu: Hello.
Rintaro: Assistant? It's me.
Kurisu: Oh, I think you got the wrong number.
Rintaro: What are you saying? It's me, Hououin Kyouma.
Kurisu: My name isn't Assistant. And your name isn't Hououin Kyouma.
Rintaro: Would you prefer to be called 'KuriGohan and Kamehameha'?
Kurisu: Bwah!?
UNSPOKEN: I hear rattling from the other side of the phone.
Kurisu: How do you know about that!?
Rintaro: Before I time leaped, you made a tearful confession. You said, 'I'm an @channeler, a Nicojunkie, and a camwhore who posts tits, but will you still accept me as your assistant?' And I, of course, replied... 'You may be an @channeler, a Nicojunkie, and a camwhore who posts tits, but you're still a member of this lab. And that makes you my assistant, now and forever. So wipe your tears, for there is still much--'
Kurisu: I'm gonna post your personal info all over VIP if you don't shut your mouth right this second!
Rintaro: ...How are things there?
Kurisu: Fine. You called at the right time. We need to talk.
UNSPOKEN: Just like that, we're back to normal conversation.
Rintaro: I'll be right there.
Kurisu: OK. I'll be waiting.
UNSPOKEN: I take Suzuha back to the lab. Kurisu greets us with a cold stare when we return to the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: It was just a joke. Let it die.
Suzuha: Kurigohan and Kamehameha... so you're the one who kept picking fights with me on the internet. Makes sense.
Kurisu: I thought you wanted an open discussion.
Suzuha: Sure. You were kind of annoying, though.
Kurisu: Hehehe...
Suzuha: Ahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Are these two still fighting?
Rintaro: By the way, it may shock you to learn that I am the poster known as Hououin Kyou--
Kurisu & Suzuha: I know.
UNSPOKEN: Gh, the same reaction again! Why do they only agree when it's at my expense!? I clear my throat and change the subject.
Rintaro: So, what did you want to talk about? The Time Leap Machine?
Kurisu: I think you probably forgot, so I wanted to make sure just in case. Have you been looking for the lifter? You haven't, have you?
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. We hadn't discovered what it was at this point in time.
Rintaro: I already know. It's the 42-inch CRT downstairs.
Kurisu: R-really? What's your proof?
Rintaro: I've been here before, remember?
Kurisu: I see...
Rintaro: ...Sorry for sticking you with this job.
Kurisu: What? Don't apologize. It's creepy.
Rintaro: I know you're not a fan of time travel research. But here you are building a time machine. I was just worried that maybe you were feeling conflicted.
Kurisu: How rude.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's scowls.
Kurisu: I'm sure I've said this before, but I've always accepted time travel as a theory. I just don't trust people who claim it can be done despite how unrealistic it is.
UNSPOKEN: She sighs, then looks me over from head to toe.
Kurisu: Besides, I can hardly deny it with evidence staring me in the face. Though I still don't like the idea of being called the mother of the time machine.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shrugs at this.
Kurisu: Anyway. If you're apologizing, that must mean you helped out the first time.
Rintaro: The first time?
Kurisu: Before you started time leaping. You helped me build the machine, didn't you?
Rintaro: Yeah. Daru and I helped.
Kurisu: Then don't worry about it. I wouldn't want you to have to do it all over again. And right now, it's more important to repair Amane-san's time machine and search for her father.
Suzuha: ...Sorry.
Kurisu: Don't you apologize now. It's weird. Welp, back to work. I should be able to get a lot done now that I know about the lifter.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu waves and vanishes into the development room. I'd better not disturb her. The time limit is approaching. What else can I do?
Itaru: Hoihoi.
Rintaro: It's me. Report.
Itaru: You know, it's distracting as hell when you talk like that.
Rintaro: Enough about you. Report the status of the repairs.
Itaru: I'm turning into a prune here! Hey, at least give me some reaction. Anyway, I think I figured out what it needs.
Rintaro: Really!?
Itaru: Pretty much.
Rintaro: Should I bring reinforcements?
Itaru: Mm, yeah, I guess. Bring Amane-shi with you if you can. Alone in the heat of the vacant Radi-Kan rooftop, the two of us can forget our shame and take off our clothes. Haah haah...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Gonna have to disappoint you there. How about you? Did you find out anything about the pin?
Rintaro: No. It's an uphill battle.
Itaru: Not even a clue?
Rintaro: No...
Itaru: Damn, that sucks.
Rintaro: I'm going to hit up a few more places. I'll head over there in the evening.
UNSPOKEN: That gives me two more hours today to search for the pin. If that fails, tomorrow morning will be our last chance. These two extra days have gone by faster than expected. We decide to try Ikebukuro as our last stop for today. It would be nice to visit home, but I don't have the time, and besides, Suzuha's with me. ...Our search turns up nothing. As the evening wears on without a single lead, Suzuha and I grow quieter and quieter. We're exhausted from walking, and we can't shake the feeling that all our efforts are futile. This isn't good.
Rintaro: By the way...
UNSPOKEN: I try stirring up conversation. I should get her to talk about the future. After all, she is a time traveler. This is a once in a lifetime chance. I remember how shocked Kurisu was to learn that she only lives to be 44. And I was told... that I become a terrorist.
Rintaro: Am I really famous in 2036?
Suzuha: As a terrorist.
Rintaro: Oh. So what did I do to be called a terrorist?
Suzuha: You rebelled against SERN. You're actually one of the founding members of the Resistance. Just like my dad.
UNSPOKEN: I help found the Resistance... I guess it makes sense, given what we're going through now. Suzuha is from the future of this timeline, where Mayuri is doomed to die, and where SERN forces Kurisu to build a time machine. In such a future, how could I not rebel against SERN? Rebellion against the system. Destruction of order. A new age of chaos. Weren't those my ambitions as a mad scientist?
Rintaro: How stupid...
Suzuha: Stupid?
Rintaro: How can I still be chasing some chuunibyou fantasy... when I couldn't even save Mayuri?
Suzuha: You're fighting to free humanity. I think it's a noble cause.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha is part of the Resistance I form. Does that mean she's my subordinate in the future?
Rintaro: What sort of man am I?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's expression darkens.
Suzuha: ...I said we never met, remember?
Rintaro: Never?
Suzuha: Never. You were... killed by SERN. In 2025.
UNSPOKEN: I was killed... by the same people who killed Mayuri. They had no reservations about murdering an innocent girl. I doubt they would hesitate to kill a terrorist.
Suzuha: Maybe I should have told you sooner. Understand? If you don't change the future, you're going to die in 15 years. Shiina Mayuri will die. You will die. Makise Kurisu will be a slave to SERN. It ends badly for every lab mem.
Rintaro: What about Daru?
Suzuha: Umm, I don't remember hearing about him. I have heard legends of a 'wizard-class hacker,' though. Though I don't understand what 'wizard-class' means in the first place.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Anyway, I don't want that to happen to you guys. That's one more reason I need to find an IBN 5100 and change the future. Until I came to this time, you guys were just stories, history. But now... you're my friends. I want to save you.
Rintaro: ...Appreciated. You are a lab mem, now and forevermore.
Suzuha: Ahaha! Thanks.
UNSPOKEN: I already told Kurisu that I was confident in her ability to complete the machine on time. But it occurs to me that I forgot to tell her about the 42-inch CRT. There, that should do it. I send a reply and decide to keep searching for the pin with Suzuha just a bit longer. Time is quickly running out. Is there anything more that we can do? It's early evening, but the roof of Radi-Kan is still hotter than hell. When I provide Daru with the refreshing gift of Dr P, a frown appears on his sweaty face.
Itaru: You're supposed to give me an ice cold zero calorie cola. Common sense, man...
UNSPOKEN: I forgot he's a cola guy. No sense letting it go to waste. I drink the Dr P myself. Daru and Suzuha start discussing the time machine. Mayuri and I watch from a short distance away.
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin. Isn't it amazing that the satellite was a time machine?
Rintaro: Yeah, I guess so.
UNSPOKEN: I thought that Titor's time machine was a car -- a 1970s Chevy. It never even occurred to me to suspect the satellite. I should know better than to take anything for granted. In retrospect, the satellite was suspicious from the start. Not only had it appeared out of nowhere, but Titor only starting posting afterwards.  I'm disappointed in myself for not realizing the connection.
Mayuri: I'm glad Suzu-san wasn't hurt in the crash.
UNSPOKEN: I doubt it was anything like a crash. It probably just appeared there, displacing the wall, which then collapsed around it. After all, the time machine isn't self-propelled. It doesn't fly.
Mayuri: I heard it's really hard to drive.
UNSPOKEN: I guess she heard that from Suzuha.
Mayuri: If the gravitational whatchamacallit coordinates are just a teensy bit off, the whole time machine becomes a jellyman and goes ploop. And she even said her time machine's unstable, since it's not a SERN model. I'm worried about her trip to 1975... Do you think I should go with her? I wonder if I'd fit.
Rintaro: What would you do in 1975?
Mayuri: I'd cheer Suzu-san on, of course! I'd hold her hand super tight, and tell her that everything's going to be okay!
UNSPOKEN: Something tells me that won't be much help.
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin, do you think the time machine has a name?
Rintaro: A name...
UNSPOKEN: That's the least of what I want to know about the time machine. Time permitting, I'd like to spend a whole day picking Suzuha's brain. I'm pretty sure John Titor's time machine had a model number. But the John Titor from 2000 might not have been Suzuha. There was no John Titor in 2000 on this worldline, after all. Although... I suppose it's possible that Suzuha will drop by 2000 after traveling to 1975.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Oh, yeah! Mayushii didn't think of that. Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri giggles, then runs off to talk to Suzuha. She comes back quickly.
Mayuri: Yup. It has a name.
Rintaro: What is it?
Mayuri: FG204 something something, she said.
UNSPOKEN: Something something?
Mayuri: Anyway, don't you think Daru-kun and Suzu-san are a good match?
Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's jumping all over the place today. I look at Daru and Suzuha again.
Rintaro: How do you figure? Daru's all about Faris, you know.
Mayuri: Oh... really?
UNSPOKEN: She tilts her head to the side. Good grief... Mayuri and I aren't of any use. I would prefer to leave Daru and Suzuha to it and resume the search for Suzuha's father, but Mayuri seems happy just sitting here. We don't have any leads on the pin or its owner. Maybe two days just aren't enough. No, that's quitter's talk. Like I told Suzuha, I don't want to give up. Besides, even if we don't get the information we need this time, I can use the Time Leap Machine to repeat these two days until we do.
Rintaro: Oh yeah, Mayuri. What happened to your costumes?
UNSPOKEN: There's only a few more days until ComiMa. I remember Mayuri pulling all-nighters to get her costume done. Has that changed?
Mayuri: Hm? I already made two costumes. One for Kaede-chan and one for Fubuki-chan.
Rintaro: Weren't you making a third one for Lukako?
Mayuri: Yeah, I was. But I couldn't convince her, so I gave up this time. Hey, can Mayushii take a closer look at the time machine?
Rintaro: Just don't get in their way.
Mayuri: Okeydokey♪
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri beams happily, then runs over to the time machine. She's acting like this is a field trip... Behind her, the sun glows dark and orange on the horizon. It's quite a view from up here. After a few minutes watching the sunset in silence, I realize that Suzuha is standing beside me. She must have come over as Mayuri left. Our shadows are long and murky.
Suzuha: Hashida Itaru's amazing. He said if things go well, he could have the time machine fixed by tomorrow.
Rintaro: He's a man who gets things done.
Suzuha: And he looks so unhealthy and slow.
Rintaro: Don't judge a book by its cover.
Suzuha: Yeah. I have a better impression of him now. Umm... hey. There's something I want to say, and I feel like I'll never get another chance.
Rintaro: Why so melodramatic?
Suzuha: I'm really grateful to you. All of you. When I came to this time, I didn't know anyone. I was all alone in a world completely different from my own. This era is so peaceful. That's a wonderful thing... but it scared me. All I knew was the fight against SERN. But now I have friends... real friends, who I can share my secrets with. All these people who lived before I was born are working so hard for my sake. It's a strange feeling... but a happy one, too. I wanted you to know that.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Living with you guys in this time... it's been really fun. When I met you, you were all so strange and unique and over the top... I was kind of shocked at first, actually. But before I knew it, I started to enjoy spending time with you. 2036 is peaceful too. People don't even fight anymore. Did you know that?
Rintaro: How could I? I'm not even alive in 2036, right?
Suzuha: Oh... right. Sorry. Anyway, people don't fight. Ever. About anything. All forms of conflict, war included, have vanished -- poof -- without a trace. Instead, everyone has dead eyes, like fish. No one has ambition. Nobody dreams. They just trudge through their lives without a single complaint. Oh sure, people smile. But they never get angry or sad. There's no individuality. Everyone's a robot. You got really mad at me before, remember? I was really surprised. But at the same time... I was really happy.
Rintaro: You're a strange girl.
Suzuha: Ahaha. I guess so.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks at the time machine. Daru and Mayuri are standing next to it, talking cheerfully about something or another.
Suzuha: You're all so bright and full of life. I envy you. Shiina Mayuri, Hashida Itaru... even Makise Kurisu. And of course, you.
Rintaro: ...Don't be ridiculous.
UNSPOKEN: There's nothing enviable about me. I'm worthless. I can't even save Mayuri.
Suzuha: I want to be more like you.
Rintaro: If you ask me, you're the amazing one.
Suzuha: I'm... happy to hear you say that. It's thanks to all of you that I'm still going strong. Being a lab mem, even for just a little while... was great.
UNSPOKEN: She smiles then -- a soft, sad smile that tears at my heart. What does it mean?
Suzuha: Being with you guys, even for just a little while... was great.
Rintaro: ...Suzuha?
Suzuha: Change the future, Okabe Rintaro. Make it a world like this one, where people can be free.
Rintaro: Hey, come on. Why are you being so sentimental?
UNSPOKEN: Does she not want to go to 1975? But I mean, she's got a time machine, so can't she just come back afterwards? Even as I think it, I realize how wrong I am. ...Of course. When Suzuha completes her mission and brings us the IBN 5100, the worldline will change. The future will be rewritten, and the 2036 she knows will cease to exist. To hear her describe it, the future is an awful place. But even so, it was her home. She has friends there, I'm sure, comrades-in-arms, and memories of her father, Barrel Titor. All of that will be lost to her forever. No wonder she's getting sentimental.
Rintaro: After we fix the time machine, let's have a party.
Suzuha: ...Thanks.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, she's still smiling that sorrowful smile. Afterwards, I hit the streets again in search of the pin. But the day ended without a single lead, so I reluctantly returned to the lab and tried searching the internet. A couple of hours later, and still no luck. So far, I've accomplished absolutely nothing. My frustration is mounting. I can time leap again, but will that really help us find Suzuha's father? An unfamiliar number. Who is it?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Anything else?
Master: Um? Maybe a judo fighter? Or, pro wrestler?
Rintaro: What? Judo? Pro wrestler? What do you mean by that?
Master: YES!
UNSPOKEN: That wasn't a yes/no question. What the hell do you mean!?
Master: Ahh, balloon. Was balloon!
Rintaro: Balloon? Judo? Pro wrestling?
Master: Good!
UNSPOKEN: No! Not good! Are you trying to confuse me!? I want to ask more questions, but the foreigner suddenly sees a policeman walking by and runs off. I consider chasing him, but decide against it to avoid police attention. I give up... The search has hit a dead end, and we have barely any time left to find Barrel Titor. I can time leap again starting at 2 PM tomorrow. Looks like all I can do is wait until Christina's done working, and then leap to the time this suspicious character appears at the stand. Kurisu carefully connects the two cords she's holding.
Kurisu: Done.
UNSPOKEN: The Time Leap Machine is complete. It's 2:30 PM on the 13th, about 20 minutes later than before. Kurisu walks into the lounge with a satisfied look on her face. It's just her, me, and Suzuha in the lab. I had Daru and Mayuri head to Radi-Kan, ostensibly to work on the time machine.
Suzuha: So that's the Time Leap Machine...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha gazes at the now-complete machine in awe. I've already explained to her how time leaping works. It's as different as can be from Suzuha's time machine, which can physically displace actual bodies.
Suzuha: It makes you remember the future, right? That's pretty interesting.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha crosses her hands behind her head and looks up at the ceiling.
Suzuha: Intuition... sixth sense... deja vu... I wonder if those things are actually you recalling future memories. Some of SERN's researchers in my time came up with the theory that memories are a way of sharing information across worldlines. Maybe it's similar to that.
Kurisu: I just wish we knew more about Okabe's Reading Steiner thing. Is it unique to Okabe? Or does everyone have the potential for it, and Okabe's is just stronger by coincidence?
Rintaro: One thing's for certain. My consciousness leaps to the past along with my memories.
Kurisu: I still don't understand why that is. It would make more sense if you experienced a change in the present, like you do when we send a D-Mail. Does your consciousness depend on your memories?
Suzuha: The problem is that consciousness doesn't have a form that we can see. Same goes for the soul. Those things are still in the realm of religion. Even in 2036, the existence of the soul hasn't been proven, and nobody's proven what forms consciousness, either.
Kurisu: I see... that's a little disappointing.
Rintaro: Sending my consciousness back has let me change some future events with more precision than D-Mail, but other events are locked in by convergence.
UNSPOKEN: I can change the method of Mayuri's death, but never the fact that she dies.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Then why does the path there change?
Suzuha: Because the worldline changes. When you leap into the past and take different actions from before, divergence changes, if only a little bit. In most cases, that fluctuation won't amount to more than 0. 000001% on the divergence meter. Small changes might not register at all. When you change the cause, the effect merely shifts to a separate, already-existing worldline. Since those two worldlines are almost exactly the same, you barely feel any difference.
UNSPOKEN: So is that why Reading Steiner didn't react?
Suzuha: It's not like the previous worldline disappears. It keeps existing as another possible worldline.
Kurisu: That's the many-worlds interpretation, right?
Suzuha: In any case, they're not parallel worlds.
Rintaro: So is the future reconstructed?
Suzuha: I guess you could say that.
UNSPOKEN: I'm confused again. Maybe it's impossible for me to fully understand the structure of the universe. Anyway, that's enough discussion. It's time for me to leap again. I explain the situation to Kurisu and have her activate the Time Leap Machine immediately. It's the night of the 11th. I went back about 40 hours. My objective is to keep watch on the street vendor's stand in the hope that Suzuha's father might appear. I sent Suzuha elsewhere. I don't want her to be disappointed if I come up empty-handed. I'm standing out of sight a short distance away from the stand, munching on energy bars and soy milk to appease my growling stomach. I've already been here for two hours. I forgot to ask for the exact time the suspicious character appeared, so I had to begin my stakeout before sunset. Now it's 8 PM and the stand looks like it's about to close. Is this another waste of time? Did that foreigner give me false information? But just as I'm finishing my milk... Someone approaches the stand.
Rintaro: Is that...!?
UNSPOKEN: I jump out of cover.
Rintaro: Daru!
Itaru: Okarin!?
UNSPOKEN: Daru jumps in surprise. But I'm the one who's really shocked here.
Rintaro: What are you doing here!?
Itaru: I was gonna ask the same question.
UNSPOKEN: The storekeeper is looking at us funny, so we decide to change locations.
Rintaro: Alright, Daru. What were you doing at that street stand? Don't tell me you were trying to counterfeit duplicates of Titor's pin.
Itaru: ...F-fine. I won't tell you then.
UNSPOKEN: So that's what happened. Daru was the suspicious character the foreigner told me about. So all that stuff about judo, pro wrestling, and balloons was referring to Daru's size?
Rintaro: Could he have been more confusing!?
UNSPOKEN: Damn! It was all for nothing! Good thing I didn't bring Suzuha along.
Rintaro: So why were you trying to make counterfeit versions of the pin?
Itaru: Uh, I wasn't trying to counterfeit it.
Rintaro: Close enough.
Itaru: Well... I meant it as a backup plan, I guess. Amane-shi's gonna be sad if we don't find her old man, right? So if that happens, I'll show her the badges I made and, well, lie that her dad was here...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: You don't have to put it like that. Remember, there are good lies and bad lies: bad lies hurt people, good lies save them!
Rintaro: What eroge did you get that from?
Itaru: CLADDAN... and it's not an eroge, it's a visual novel that teaches you the meaning of life, so shut up! So... should I call off Operation Fake Titor?
Rintaro: Do you really think that will make Suzuha happy?
UNSPOKEN: Daru's expression suddenly turns sad.
Itaru: Amane-shi told me not to tell anyone, but... I guess I'd better tell you.
UNSPOKEN: He's got a big mouth, as usual. Still, he seems dead serious, so I'd better hear him out.
Itaru: I heard this from Amane-shi when we were discussing the repairs. Her time machine... can only leap to the past.
Rintaro: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: At first, I don't understand what he means.
Rintaro: Nonsense. Titor's time machine could travel both ways.
Itaru: Did you actually see it?
Rintaro: Well, no...
Itaru: Besides, when you say Titor, you mean the one who appeared in 2000, don't you? I don't know anything about that Titor.
UNSPOKEN: That's right. The Titor I know and Suzuha aren't necessarily the same person. Although their time machines are similar, there are significant differences. For example, one looks like a Chevy, and the other looks like a satellite.
Rintaro: So... wait.
Itaru: Once she leaves, she can't come back.
Rintaro: You're saying that if she goes to 1975, she can't return to 2010?
Itaru: Not without living 35 years in real time.
UNSPOKEN: Is he serious?
Rintaro: Does that mean Suzuha's time machine can never return to 2036?
Itaru: Didn't I just say that?
Rintaro: Then it's defective!
Itaru: Right. She said the time machine was incomplete.
UNSPOKEN: Incomplete? Incomplete!?
Itaru: According to Amane-shi, her old man built it in secret by reverse-engineering SERN technology. But SERN killed him before he could complete it. Amane-shi insists that it's fine as long as she can leap to the past, but...
Rintaro: Are you sure about this?
Itaru: She said so herself. I don't think she was lying. So if she doesn't meet her old man before the time machine is repaired... She might never get another chance.
UNSPOKEN: So that's why he was trying to make a copy of that pin. As evidence that Suzuha's father was here.
Rintaro: But making a fake version of her father's pin isn't going to solve anything. A lie is a lie.
Itaru: But if we don't get caught...
UNSPOKEN: I wave Daru silent and massage my temples. Need to think. ...What difference does it make? True, Suzuha might be sad about missing her father, but that's none of my business. My top priority is Mayuri's safety. That's right. I mustn't let my emotions control me. I need to be more rational, more logical. There's a Japanese proverb: He who pursues two hares will catch neither. However... That sad smile on Suzuha's face... Now I understand what it meant. I feel something tighten deep within my chest. The next day, as night falls, I summon all lab mems except Kurisu to Radi-Kan. It's boiling hot on the rooftop, even in the evening. When I provide Daru with the refreshing gift of cola, his sweaty face lightens up.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru happily takes the cola and chugs it straight from the bottle. Afterwards, Daru and Suzuha start discussing the time machine. Mayuri and I watch from a short distance away.
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin. Isn't it amazing that the satellite was a time machine?
Rintaro: Yeah, I guess so.
Mayuri: I'm glad Suzu-san wasn't hurt in the crash. I heard it's really hard to drive. If the gravitational whatchamacallit coordinates are just a teensy bit off, the whole time machine becomes a jellyman and goes ploop. And she even said her time machine's unstable, since it's not a SERN model. I'm worried about her trip to 1975... Do you think I should go with her? I wonder if I'd fit.
Rintaro: What would you do in 1975?
Mayuri: I'd cheer Suzu-san on, of course! I'd hold her hand super tight, and tell her that everything's going to be okay! Hey, Okarin, do you think the time machine has a name?
Rintaro: If you want to know, just ask Titor.
Mayuri: Oh, yeah! Mayushii didn't think of that. Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri giggles, then runs off to talk to Suzuha. She returns a few seconds later.
Mayuri: Yup. It has a name. FG204 something something, she said. Anyway, don't you think Daru-kun and Suzu-san are a good match?
UNSPOKEN: I look at Daru and Suzuha again.
Rintaro: Daru's all about Faris.
Mayuri: Oh... really?
UNSPOKEN: She tilts her head to the side.
Mayuri: Hey, can Mayushii take a closer look at the time machine?
UNSPOKEN: I nod, and Mayuri runs over to the time machine again. Behind her, the sun glows dark and orange on the horizon. As Mayuri leaves, Suzuha comes over to stand beside me. Our shadows are long and murky in the fading light.
Suzuha: Hashida Itaru's amazing. He said if things go well, he could have the time machine fixed by tomorrow. And he looks so unhealthy and slow.
UNSPOKEN: A refreshing breeze blows by. It was quite hot a few minutes ago, but the temperature's finally starting to drop.
Suzuha: Umm... hey. There's something I want to say, and I feel like I'll never get another chance. Are you listening?
UNSPOKEN: After a moment's hesitation, I give a little nod.
Suzuha: I'm really grateful to you. All of you. When I came to this time, I didn't know anyone. I was all alone in a world completely different from my own. This era is so peaceful. That's a wonderful thing... but it scared me. All I knew was the fight against SERN. But now I have friends... real friends, who I can share my secrets with. All these people who lived before I was born are working so hard for my sake. It's a strange feeling... but a happy one, too. I wanted you to know that.
UNSPOKEN: I've heard these words before. Just like last time, her tone is wistful.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I shake my head.
Suzuha: Anyway, people don't fight. Ever. About anything. All forms of conflict, war included, have vanished -- poof -- without a trace. Instead, everyone has dead eyes, like fish. No one has ambition. Nobody dreams. They just trudge through their lives without a single complaint. Oh sure, people smile. But they never get angry or sad. There's no individuality. Everyone's a robot. You got really mad at me before, remember? I was really surprised. But at the same time... I was really happy.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks at the time machine. Daru and Mayuri are standing next to it, talking cheerfully about something or another.
Suzuha: You're all so bright and full of life. I envy you. Shiina Mayuri, Hashida Itaru... even Makise Kurisu. And of course, you. I want to be more like you. It's thanks to all of you that I'm still going strong. Being a lab mem, even for just a little while... was great.
UNSPOKEN: She smiles then -- a soft, sad smile that tears at my heart. This time, I know what that smile means.
Suzuha: Being with you guys, even for just a little while... was great.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha obviously knew from the beginning that if she traveled to 1975, she could never return.
Suzuha: Change the future, Okabe Rintaro. Make it a world like this one, where people can be free.
UNSPOKEN: The first time I heard her speak these words, I thought she was sentimental because she couldn't return to her original 2036. I was wrong. Forget about 2036. She can't even return here, to 2010. Not without living 35 years. She'll be 54 when 2010 comes around. The present us and the present Suzuha can never meet again. Suzuha chose this mission. To change the future. To save Mayuri. Unless Suzuha travels to 1975, Mayuri will die. But then, what about Suzuha herself? When she leaves for 1975, she'll have to sacrifice everything she has here. How does she feel about that?
Rintaro: Do you...
Suzuha: Hm?
Rintaro: Do you regret spending time with us?
Suzuha: ...What do you mean?
Rintaro: Do you regret making new friends here? New memories? Do you wish you had kept your distance? You've already abandoned one life. Now you have to abandon another. In a sense... it's like you're killing yourself.
Suzuha: ...Did Hashida Itaru tell you?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha frowns.
Rintaro: He's worried about you.
Suzuha: Geez. I told him not to tell anybody.
Rintaro: Well? How do you feel about going to 1975?
Suzuha: ...It doesn't matter how I feel.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha's expression suddenly hardens.
Suzuha: I have to go. It's the path I chose, and it's what my dad wanted.
Rintaro: What if we ask you to stay?
Suzuha: I'll go anyway. One of those guys on @channel asked what right I have to change the future and decide the fate of the human race. He had a point. But still... I don't want the future to turn out like that. I want the people in my time to be free like you. Free to laugh and play, fight and argue, get sad and cry. If I change the future, then no one will die. Not you, not Shiina Mayuri, and not my dad. Maybe I don't have the right... but I'm going anyway.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Just like that, Suzuha is back to her usual self. But despite her cheerful smile, I am certain that her resolve was forged from fear and doubt the likes of which few can imagine. I was a fool to think that my words could sway her. Beneath the clear blue sky, the time machine comes to life. Daru's repairs are complete. Mayuri and I help drain the last of the water out of the cockpit. The machine is still stuck in Radi-Kan's wall, but that's a small matter. Daru gazes at the time machine with a satisfied expression. Mayuri is jumping for joy, and Kurisu, who ran over as soon as she completed the Time Leap Machine, is visibly relieved. Meanwhile, Suzuha is struggling to attach her mountain bike to the time machine's exterior. She likes it so much, she wants to bring it with her to 1975. Kurisu was worried that it might cause a time paradox. My heart is still heavy. Should I let Suzuha leave like this? I chide myself for the thought. It's not my choice to make. Suzuha isn't from this time. If she doesn't want to stay, then I have no reason to keep her from leaving. Suzuha finishes securing her bicycle and turns to us with a soft smile. It's not the painful, forced smile I saw yesterday. We don't perform a startup test. Activating the time machine would draw too much attention. So we're just going to wing it. Fortunately, we have the Time Leap Machine for insurance. My only regret... is that we couldn't find her father.
Suzuha: Thanks, guys... really. I can't thank you enough.
Mayuri: Don't forget about us!
Itaru: If you want to thank me, then let's make out.
Kurisu: Control yourself, perv.
UNSPOKEN: The lab mems pat Suzuha on the shoulder and offer words of encouragement, each in his or her own way.
Suzuha: Oh right. Take this.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha offers me her father's pin. OSHM***A 7010. In the end, we couldn't decipher the inscription.
Suzuha: This is for you, Okabe Rintaro. Keep it in the lab, will you? Somewhere out of sight is fine.
Rintaro: Suzuha...
UNSPOKEN: Is she regretting her decision to leave? Is this pin meant to be proof that Amane Suzuha was here, with us, in this time?
Itaru: Um... about the pin.
UNSPOKEN: Daru hesitates for a moment, then steps forward.
Itaru: Why don't we make duplicates for all the lab mems? Make it our symbol, I guess.
Mayuri: Wow! That's a great idea!
Kurisu: How unusually thoughtful of you.
Suzuha: Ahaha. I... I don't know what to say.
Itaru: We already took a picture of it, so keep your pin, Amane-shi. It belonged to your dad, right?
Suzuha: Yeah... okay.
UNSPOKEN: I stay silent. There's nothing I can say. I could stop Suzuha from leaving, if I tried. But unless she goes, I can't save Mayuri. I...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri suddenly raises her hands and calls for attention. As usual, she completely fails to sense the gravity of the situation, though I suppose it's our fault for not telling her the truth about Suzuha's time machine. In any case, she has my attention. What could her announcement be? Could Mayuri have found out that she's fated to die? I quickly glance at Kurisu, but she seems just as confused as I am. Then what is it?
Mayuri: Actually... Mayushii found Suzu-san's dad!
Rintaro: Huh?
Suzuha: What!?
Itaru: Really!?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puffs out her chest proudly.
Mayuri: Wanna meet him? You do, dontcha? Well, he's here with us today!
Suzuha: W-where?
UNSPOKEN: Everyone, including me, starts looking around. Mayuri has us hook, line, and sinker. I scan the empty event hall, but there's no one else here. Where could he be?
Mayuri: Allow me to introduce you! Suzu-san's dad is... Drrrrrrrrrrrr...
Itaru: Is that a drum roll!?
Mayuri: Tada! Suzu-san's dad is...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri flashes Suzuha a grin.
Mayuri: Daru-kun!
UNSPOKEN: She thrusts her finger at Daru. Our mouths drop. After awkward silence comes awkward laughter.
Kurisu: That joke's not even logical. It's impossible for this perv to get married in the first place.
Itaru: Hey... that kind of hurts.
Rintaro: I completely agree with Christina. Daru is fated to become a wizard when he turns thirty.
Itaru: You could be nicer about it, guys... but it's the truth, so I can't object.
UNSPOKEN: Daru falls to his hands and knees, devastated. As for Suzuha herself... she clearly doesn't know how to react.
Suzuha: Um... you know... my dad wasn't fat.
Mayuri: Geez. You're all so mean to Daru-kun.
Itaru: Mayu-shi's the only one to stand up for me. You're an angel, Mayu-shi. Do you love me?
Mayuri: Nope.
UNSPOKEN: Harsh.
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii's one hundred million percent sure that Daru-kun is Suzuha's dad.
Kurisu: Okay. What's your proof?
Mayuri: Um, I was thinking about the letters on Suzu-san's pin... After staring at it really hard, I noticed the 7 in '7010' looked a little weird. It's not a 7, it's a 2. The line fell off the bottom.
Suzuha: R-really?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha stares at the inscription on the pin again.
Suzuha: It's so small, I can't tell...
Mayuri: It's easy to see on the picture we took!
Kurisu: 2010? But that's this year!
Rintaro: Then what do the letters mean?
UNSPOKEN: OSHM***A 7010 That's what's inscribed on the pin.
Mayuri: That's easy! Okabe, Shiina, Hashida, Makise. And finally, Amane.
Itaru: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: It was right in front of us all along. We just didn't know where to look.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: So that's what it is...
Mayuri: And you know, Suzu-san has lots of stories about future Okarin and future Chris-chan, but not a single story about Daru-kun, right?
Itaru: There weren't any about Mayu-shi either.
UNSPOKEN: Daru's observation startles me. It's an obvious thing to wonder about, but it strikes too close to home.
Mayuri: Well, Mayushii's a lab mem, but I can't make time machines, and I don't like fighting. Of course I'm not famous!
UNSPOKEN: ...No. The reason there aren't any stories about Mayuri is because she dies in a few hours. Only Kurisu, Suzuha, and I know that, and we say nothing.
Mayuri: But Daru-kun's a super hacka and Okarin's right arm. He even helped Okarin make PhoneWave-chan. So I thought it was strange Suzu-san didn't know him.
Kurisu: So you're saying he used a different name?
Mayuri: Barrel Titor-san helped Okarin found the Resistance, right? And he was in Akiba in 2010. And he was able to build his own time machine. And he knew about Okarin's Reading Spaghetti--
Rintaro: Reading Steiner.
Mayuri: He knew about it. Doesn't that fit Daru-kun perfectly?
Kurisu: She's right.
Mayuri: Do you remember the day Suzu-san went to meet her father? She thought he would be at the time machine offline meet.
UNSPOKEN: We know that because we tailed her.
Mayuri: Daru-kun was supposed to be there too, right?
Itaru: That meet was seriously important to the history of Japanese SciFi. At least I got to sneak in while tailing Amane-shi.
UNSPOKEN: I don't remember that. It must have happened because of the D-Mail I sent. This is the curse of Reading Steiner. Although I keep my memories from previous worldlines, I don't acquire memories of events on new worldlines.
Suzuha: Dad told me about that meet when I was little. I don't remember what he said exactly, but I thought I might be able to meet him there.
Itaru: So if I'd been at the meet, everything would've been okay?
Suzuha: Hmm, I don't know. I don't think I'd have picked you out as my dad.
UNSPOKEN: Still, the evidence keeps piling up.
Mayuri: And then there's the time machine's name, FG204 something something... umm, what was it?
Suzuha: FG204 2nd EDITION ver. 2. 31.
Rintaro: Th-that naming sense... it's got to be Daru!
Mayuri: And FG probably stands for Future Gadget.
UNSPOKEN: So Suzuha's time machine... is Future Gadget No. 204!?
Mayuri: Finally, his name. Barrel Titor has to be Daru-kun!
Kurisu: Come to think of it, last night, Mayuri asked how to say 'barrel' in Japanese.
Mayuri: Barrel is 'taru' in Japanese. Right, Chris-chan?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods.
Rintaro: Taru... Taru... Daru!?
Suzuha: It's a pun!?
Mayuri: Okay, Suzu-san! Say 'Hashida Itaru' ten times fast!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: HashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaru[linebreak]HashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaru
Mayuri: Just now, didn't it sound like 'Ditor'?
Kurisu: It did.
Mayuri: Hashidaitaru. Hashi-daita-ru. Hashi-Ditor-ru. Hashi-Titor-ru.
Itaru: ...For reals?
Mayuri: For super reals♪
UNSPOKEN: I can't believe it. But with all this evidence laid out in front of me, I can't deny it either. Everyone's jaw drops again, only this time we're staring at Daru and Suzuha.
Mayuri: I think she looks just like her father♪
Kurisu: That could just be the placebo effect... but now that you mention it, they kinda do look alike.
Rintaro: Nice work, Mayuri! You'll make a great detective one day.
Mayuri: A d-detective? Ehehe! That's the first time anyone's said that.
UNSPOKEN: She's such a ditz most of the time, but maybe she's more perceptive than anyone knows.
Itaru: My... d-daughter? Amane-shi is my daughter?
UNSPOKEN: Daru, wide-eyed, points at Suzuha while flapping his lips like a fish out of water.
Suzuha: Dad...
Itaru: Uh... c-c-could you call me Papa instead?
Kurisu: For once in your life, don't be a perv...
Suzuha: Dad...!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha tries to hold back her tears, but can't.  They fall from her eyes and roll down her cheeks. Seeing this, Daru stops his joking and lets Suzuha speak.
Suzuha: I came, Dad. I came to see you... in the time machine you built.
Itaru: Yeah...
Suzuha: I'm going to finish what you started. I promise.
Itaru: Yeah...
Suzuha: Watch over me. Okay?
Itaru: I'm watching. Of course I am!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha walks up to Daru and hugs him gently. Daru awkwardly, but firmly, hugs her back. Father and daughter, reunited across time. I'm truly glad we could bring them together.
Itaru: B-by the way, was your mother cute? Request petite girl with cute face and big boobs.
Suzuha: Ahaha. That's a secret.
UNSPOKEN: When Suzuha finally steps away from Daru, she's smiling once again.
Suzuha: Well! That takes care of everything I wanted to do on this worldline. Guess I should be going.
Rintaro: W-wait! You're going already? Don't you have more to say to your father?
UNSPOKEN: What am I doing? Suzuha's mind is set. I know that nothing I can say will convince her to stay. It's madness to even try. If she stays, Mayuri dies. I know that! So why am I trying to stop her?
Suzuha: No, I'm fine now. I'm going to get an IBN 5100, just like I promised.
UNSPOKEN: She looks at us with the face of a warrior.
Suzuha: I'll bring it to you here in Akihabara. That's my duty, and I'll see it through. The rest is up to you. Change the future. Please.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Well, see you in 35 years... though I guess it'll only be a few hours for you guys. Ahaha! Oh, I almost forgot. The time machine gives off terrific ultraviolet rays when it jumps, so make sure not to look directly at it.
UNSPOKEN: With that final warning, Suzuha boards the time machine. She waves once, and then the hatch closes behind her. Moments later, the machine comes to life. A shrill alarm starts ringing. There are no other sounds. It makes less noise than I'd expect. People on the street below start shouting and cheering at the satellite's sudden activity. They all look up and point. My phone vibrates. I quickly take it out and open it. The mail is from Suzuha. Goodbye... When I failed to stop her on a previous worldline, she sent me the exact same message before leaving. But this time, the word holds a completely different meaning. I lift my eyes from the message to see the space around the time machine begin to warp. A cocoon of light appears and envelops the fuselage. I squint my eyes against the brilliance.
Rintaro: Suzuha...
UNSPOKEN: We will never see her again. Not this Suzuha. Yes, we can seek her out in our time. I know that I will make the effort. But the next time we meet, an immense gulf of time will have divided us. No matter how hard we wish it were different, she will not be the girl we knew. All of a sudden, Daru takes a step into the light.
Itaru: S-Suzuha!! I'm sure we'll meet again! I'll do my best until then! I hate myself for not knowing any other way to say it, but I'll do my best! I'll do my best, I promise! So Suzuha, do your best too!
UNSPOKEN: His words probably can't reach her anymore. As the light grows more intense, I raise my hand to shield my eyes. Bathed in radiant particles, the cocoon slowly, slowly unfurls. The next thing I know, Suzuha's time machine has vanished into thin air, leaving a hole the size of a dump truck in Radi-Kan's wall. The air is thick with the smell of ozone, and seems to pulse softly where the machine stood. We stand there for a while, staring silently at the empty spot while the summer breeze blows gently past. As if the wind were fate itself. Unfortunately, we don't have time to mourn her departure. In about an hour and a half, Moeka's group will attack the lab. Before that happens, we need to acquire the IBN 5100 that Suzuha went to 1975 to obtain. The time machine's sudden disappearance has thrown the area into chaos, which makes it easy for us to slip out unnoticed. See you in 35 years, Suzuha said. 54-year-old Suzuha should be here in Akiba. Before she left, we decided that the time machine's disappearance would be her cue to bring the IBN 5100 to the lab. But when we return to the lab, there's no 54-year-old woman waiting for us. It seems Suzuha hasn't come yet.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: After catching his breath, Daru speaks.
Itaru: My daughter is 30 years older than me. I don't know if I want to see that. Feels weird, man.
Kurisu: You know, it wouldn't be unusual for her to have grandchildren by that age.
Itaru: Y-you mean I could have great-grandkids? I don't know if I'm ready for that, man...
Mayuri: Just be super nice to them! That's what grandpas do!
Itaru: Please, don't call me grandpa...
UNSPOKEN: A knock on the door interrupts their idle chatter. It must be Suzuha! Everyone looks at me. With a strange mixture of anticipation and anxiety, I slowly open the door.
Tennouji: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Instead of an old woman, we get a wall of muscle. Our disappointment is palpable.
Rintaro: Oh, it's you...
Tennouji: Hey, have you seen my part-timer?
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun peeks into the lab.
Mayuri: If you're looking for Suzu-san, she went 35 years--
Kurisu: Shaddup, Mayuri!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu covers Mayuri's mouth.
Tennouji: You know something? Where'd that girl run off to? She took the last couple days off and I don't know when she's coming next. She won't even answer her phone.
UNSPOKEN: We don't have time for this, but I can't just order him to leave. Not unless I want another cracked skull.
Rintaro: She said she went back to her hometown. She's probably gone for good.
Tennouji: What!? You sure? That brat. She didn't say a word to me.
UNSPOKEN: The future is changing. Isn't this proof? On my previous leaps, Mister Braun never came by the lab. This must be related to Suzuha's trip to 1975. Surely it's a good sign. Now, as long as the attractor field doesn't amend history again... Mister Braun sighs, then turns to me with a serious expression.
Tennouji: Well, whatever. I've got something for you, Okabe.
Rintaro: ...For me?
UNSPOKEN: He hands me an envelope. It's addressed to Okabe Rintaro, but there's no stamp or postmark. The name Hashida Suzu is written on the back.
Rintaro: What is this?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suzu-san? Suzu-san... Of course! The name on the back reads Hashida Suzu. Hashida is Daru's surname!
Rintaro: Where is she now!?
Tennouji: Huh? Uh, she passed away ten years ago.
Rintaro: Passed away!?
UNSPOKEN: She's dead!? A wave of dizziness nearly sweeps me off my feet.
Rintaro: ...How old was she?
Tennouji: Mid-forties, I think.
UNSPOKEN: The age fits.
Rintaro: Thank you for taking care of this letter, Mister Braun.
Mayuri: Eh? Eh? Is it from Suzu-san?
Itaru: Seriously? Why did he have it?
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun clearly doesn't understand our reaction, and we're not about to explain. I thank him again. He grumbles a bit and leaves. As soon as he's gone, I break the seal and open the envelope. Inside is a handwritten letter. The characters are slightly messy, as if her hand was shaking as she wrote it. Our eyes, transfixed, begin to read.
Suzuha: Dear Okabe Rintaro, It's me, Amane Suzuha. Hashida Titor's daughter. It's been a long time. Though for you, I'm sure only a few hours have passed. The date is June 13th, the year 2000. Meaning I'm writing this ten years before you will read it. I'll get right to the point. I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed
UNSPOKEN: I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed 
Suzuha: I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed
UNSPOKEN: I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed 
Suzuha: The date is June 14th, the year 2000. About nine or ten years before you will read this. I failed. I only remembered who I was one year ago today. The day Nostradamus said the King of Terror would come. Stupid, stupid, King of Terror. He should have come and burned us all away. For 24 years, I forgot who I was. All I could remember was my name. I finally remembered one year ago. The day the King of Terror was supposed to come but didn't. There's no King of Terror, but I want to die. The repairs were incomplete. The time machine malfunctioned. When I arrived in 1975, I couldn't remember anything. They found me lying in the street like a broken doll and took me to a hospital. Now I've been living on my own for years, but that's as Hashida Suzu, a normal person who forgot the duty and mission of Amane Suzuha I only remembered last year. I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed
UNSPOKEN: I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I failed I'm a failure
Suzuha: Something went wrong! I don't know what. The repairs were incomplete. But it's not Dad's fault, it's mine. I should have gone straight to 1975. I shouldn't have stopped in 2010, but I was selfish and now the future is doomed. There's no IBN 5100. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. For what purpose have I lived to this age? I forgot my duty and lived a carefree life instead. Now my life has no meaning at all. It's worthless. Worthless. Worthless. I wish I hadn't remembered. I'm glad I finally remembered. I'm glad I had this chance to say sorry. Forgive me. Forgive me. Forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me! My plan failed. I spent this whole year asking myself why. I finally figured it out. If I hadn't postponed my leap to 1975, this wouldn't have happened. Okabe Rintaro. After the offline meet, you stopped me from going to 1975. I was really happy, but that's where it all went wrong. I should have left. I shouldn't have waited. That was my last chance. That night, there was a thunderstorm. My time machine was flooded. If you can go back to that day, please, please, let me leave. Then, I can bring you the IBN 5100. I can fulfill my mission. Please. That's all I want. I promised Dad. This was his dream. I want to change the future. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My life was meaningless.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Daru... didn't you fix the time machine?
Itaru: I... I did... I thought I did... but I mean, that was my first time repairing a time machine. I might have missed something.
Rintaro: Missed something!? Whatever you missed cost your daughter 24 years of her life!
Itaru: I didn't do it on purpose!
Kurisu: Calm down, both of you. Hashida did everything he could. He doesn't deserve your anger, Okabe.
Rintaro: How can you be so calm!?
Kurisu: That's how I am. Sorry. Now calm down.
Rintaro: Gh...
UNSPOKEN: It's not Daru's fault. I know that. But it can't end like this. It can't! What was Suzuha feeling as she wrote this letter? I look again at the words scrawled upon the page, every character resonant with despair. I wanted to welcome her back with a smile. Instead... this. Suzuha is dead, ten years gone. ...Wait. How did she die? Don't tell me... Mister Braun must know what happened. I run to the window and check the street. Mister Braun is outside, closing up shop.
Rintaro: Mister Braun!
UNSPOKEN: I run downstairs.
Tennouji: Okabe! Did you hear? That satellite up and disappeared. Everyone's talking about it.
UNSPOKEN: I guess it's already made the news.
Rintaro: Please... I need to know.
Tennouji: Huh? Know what?
Rintaro: Hashida Suzu-san... how did she die?
Tennouji: ...Why do you wanna know that?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: A very old acquaintance... but I still remember the time I spent with her. So please... tell me.
Tennouji: I don't like to talk about it... but alright. Listen good, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: I slowly nod. And then I get my answer.
Tennouji: It was suicide.
UNSPOKEN: The word drops on my heart like an anvil. My knees give out. I collapse to the pavement. Suicide.
Tennouji: She hung herself at home. I was the one who found her.
UNSPOKEN: My life was meaningless. I recall the last words she wrote in her letter. Words of unimaginable despair. She didn't deserve so bleak an end.
Tennouji: She became unstable about a year before it happened. Before that, she was a nice, cheerful lady. This building was hers. She gave me a place to stay. She had no relatives, you know. Almost no one came to her funeral. It was a sad thing to see. She handed me that letter a week before it happened. Told me to give it to a young man named Okabe Rintaro on this exact date. When you moved in upstairs, I thought Suzu-san must've seen the future or something.
UNSPOKEN: Enough. I can't take it anymore. I try to stand, but my legs betray me. I stumble, but before I fall, a small body supports my shoulder.
Mayuri: Okarin, are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri. It must be taking all her strength to hold me up. Did Mayuri hear how Suzuha died? Her eyes are wet. Her lips are trembling. Still, she's the one supporting me. Mayuri and I bow deeply to Mister Braun and return to the lab. When we get back, Daru is seated at his computer, head on the table. Kurisu is standing in front of the TV, watching an excited reporter talk about Radi-Kan. The disappearance of the satellite is huge news, obviously. The lounge is silent, save for the TV. I look at the table. The divergence meter still reads 0. 337187%. It hasn't changed since before Suzuha left. What went wrong? I can't go back 10 years with the Time Leap Machine. I can't do anything about Suzuha's death. Should I have stopped her from leaving after all? Maybe then this tragedy wouldn't have happened. No. What choice did I have? I can't save Mayuri without the IBN 5100. Suzuha had to travel to 1975. I consider my options. What if I redo these two days again? Could Daru fix the time machine so this doesn't happen? Is fixing the time machine even possible? Daru's skills are second to none, and the time machine was built by his own hand, 26 years in the future. It seems logical that he would be able to fix it. But look at it another way. It took Daru twenty-six years to learn enough to build the time machine, and he had to reverse-engineer SERN's to do it. Maybe it's unreasonable to expect our Daru to perform flawless repairs in only two days. In that case, can I have Daru use the Time Leap Machine and repeat these two days until he repairs it? No. He'll have to start from scratch each time. Two days just aren't enough. I collapse onto the sofa and bury my face in my hands. Mayuri sits next to me and gently rubs my back. I'm grateful for her kindness. I recall what Suzuha wrote. If you can go back to that day, please, please let me leave. ...The D-Mail I sent. Could that be the cause? On the original worldline, Suzuha leapt to 1975 after failing to meet her father. Unsatisfied with that outcome, I sent a D-Mail to convince myself to follow Suzuha and prevent her from leaving. As a result, she remained in 2010 for an additional four days. But that night, the time machine was damaged by a thunderstorm. If I hadn't followed Suzuha that day... If I hadn't sent that D-Mail to myself... Her time machine would not have malfunctioned. She would have arrived safely in 1975. The solution is obvious. I need to cancel that D-Mail. But can I really do that? If I change the past so that Suzuha leaves, won't that undo the four days we spent together? Our frantic search through the streets of Akiba. Her heartfelt confession on the roof of Radi-Kan. Her tearful reunion with her father, Daru. All of it will be undone. What do I do? An urgent bulletin pops up on the TV. I look up in surprise. Bomb threat suspends Yamanote, Sobu, Keihin-Tohoku Lines. Damn. Moeka's men will be here any minute. There's no time to think. No time to hesitate. I run downstairs, break into the Braun Tube Workshop, and turn on the 42-inch CRT. Then I return to the lab and activate the Time Leap Machine.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu demands answers. I can see the fear in her eyes.
Rintaro: We can't just leave it like this! I have to do something!
Kurisu: Okabe...
Mayuri: But Okarin, are you sure?
UNSPOKEN: Don't try to stop me, Mayuri. I can't let this stand. There are two options. I can cancel the D-Mail that convinced me to pursue Suzuha. Sending a contradictory D-Mail should do the trick. Or I can time leap again and prevent Suzuha from leaving. Two options... but really, just one. Do not hesitate, Okabe Rintaro. Hesitation is unforgivable. You already know what you must do. Stop pursuit last mail is SERN trap That should be enough to convince me to let Suzuha go.
Rintaro: Kurisu. You're good at remembering dates, aren't you?
Kurisu: Huh? Well, sure...
Rintaro: When did we throw that party for Suzuha?
Kurisu: Four days ago. August 9th.
Mayuri: You're sending a D-Mail, Okarin? But won't that make everything disappear?
UNSPOKEN: Four days. It may not sound like much, but in that time, we forged a definite bond with Suzuha. To send this D-Mail is to sever that bond. I know that. I know that! But this is the only choice I have. I set the PhoneWave to 97 hours ago. This D-Mail should arrive a few hours after the first. Now I just need to send it. Save Mayuri -- that is my purpose. That is what drove me to leap through time. I'll do whatever it takes to save her. This is just one more sacrifice. Erase the time you spent with Suzuha! Destroy whatever bond you had! Send the D-Mail! Push the button! Isn't that what Suzuha wants? You'll be saving her from twenty-five years of loneliness, from ending her life in utter despair. Save Suzuha. Save Mayuri. This is the right thing to do. This... Is right! ...But is it really? Is erasing those memories really the right thing to do? Isn't that just running away from reality? Shouldn't I try time leaping first? Maybe there's another way. What should I do? What's the right choice? Stop. You're starting to doubt. Never doubt! I don't know the answer. But I need to reach a conclusion, or else. I... I start up the microwave. The discharge begins immediately. I place my thumb on the send button.
Mayuri: Are you sure!?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's voice is choked with tears.
Mayuri: Our memories with Suzu-san will disappear! Is that really okay?
UNSPOKEN: Memories flash through my head.
Suzuha: Being with you guys, even for just a little while... was great. I'm going to finish what you started, Dad. I promise. Well, see you in 35 years... though I guess it'll only be a few hours for you guys. Ahaha! Change the future. Please.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha, I've made my choice. I won't ask for your forgiveness. Ultimately, I'm doing this to save Mayuri. But at the same time, the words you spoke on that rooftop are still strong in my heart. You entrusted to me your hope for the future. If I am to honor that wish, and fulfill mine, then the time we spent together... can never have happened. I can't. I can't do it. I can't send this D-Mail. Acting on impulse, I don the headgear and punch in a 48-hour time leap.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I ignore her and bite down hard on my lip. As the taste of blood fills my mouth, I press the button. The world shatters into geometric shapes that expand and contract like rubber toys. Light gathers between my eyes. Stars explode behind my eyelids. Gradually, color returns to the world.
Rintaro: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: I wait for the vertigo to pass. Cold sweat oozes from my temples. Pressing my fists against them, I slowly force the air out of my lungs. Has the worldline changed? I head to the lounge in order to check the divergence meter.
Rintaro: It's gone...
UNSPOKEN: I checked the meter a few minutes ago, just before the worldline changed. Now it's nowhere to be found. I quickly realize what has happened. Suzuha gave me the meter after we stopped her from leaving. My D-Mail undid those events. Of course the meter isn't here. A surge of regret seizes my heart. I clench my teeth and endure it as best I can. If nobody else remembers, then I alone will keep these memories of Suzuha alive. I look around the room. Mayuri and Kurisu are on the sofa, dozing on each other's shoulders. Daru, oblivious to the vulnerable high school girls behind him, is playing an eroge on his computer. I take a deep breath and turn on the TV. I flip to a news channel. The worldline should have changed. I erased the time we spent with Suzuha. That should have allowed her to leap to 1975 without losing her memories, and the IBN 5100 should be in our hands now. We can use it to hack into SERN and erase the data they intercepted from us. Without that information, Moeka's men won't attack the lab. Mayuri won't have to die. That's how it should be. That's how it has to be. Otherwise, why did I sacrifice Suzuha's dream? The quickest way to confirm the change would be to check for any delays at Akihabara Station.
Rintaro: Daru, is the Yamanote Line stopped?
Itaru: Huh? Uh... I don't think so?
Rintaro: Check online.
Itaru: Wait, I'm at the best part.
Rintaro: Please.
UNSPOKEN: Daru sighs and calls up train information.
Itaru: Hmm, doesn't look stopped.
Rintaro: Thanks.
UNSPOKEN: The worldline has changed. Which means that our IBN 5100 should be in the development room. I head back there to search for it. But contrary to my expectations, I can't find it anywhere. What's going on? I look at my watch. It's 7:43 PM. Moeka's men attack at... what time again? My heart is pounding like a drum. That D-Mail was supposed to fix everything. The trains are moving as scheduled, which means that Moeka's men aren't about to attack. So why does it feel like nothing's fixed at all? The IBN 5100's absence is extremely disturbing. I want to sit down and think about where it could have gone, but a voice in my head is screaming that there's no time. I need to calm down. It's hard to think straight after everything that's happened. I check my watch again. 7:46 PM. Images from the assault flash through my mind. Mayuri bleeding to death on the floor. The smell of gunpowder in the air. I frantically shake the visions out of my head. I look towards the lab entrance. The door has yet to be kicked in by a team of hitmen. I swallow hard, petrified with terror. Please, don't let anything happen. ...It's past 9. I peek at the street through the window. Nobody's there.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Daru's right. I've probably looked out the window 20 times in the past hour. And not a suspicious figure in sight. Moeka's men still haven't appeared. The raid was before 8, if I remember correctly. I think it's safe to say that my changes to the past have prevented it from occurring. Suzuha's sacrifice was not in vain. I let out a deep breath. I'm sweaty and disgusting. It's like my anxiety has pushed all the sweat out of my body.
Rintaro: Mayuri. Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: The two girls woke up from their nap about half an hour ago. Now they're eating cup noodles.
Kurisu: Wait... did you just say my name correctly?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me in astonishment, like she can't believe her ears.
Rintaro: When you're done eating, go home. It's late, so I'll go with you.
Mayuri: Okeydokey!
Kurisu: I don't need an escort from you. I can get back by myself.
Rintaro: Just listen. Daru, you too.
Itaru: Huh? Me too?
UNSPOKEN: The train lines running through Akihabara are operating normally. There's no bomb scare, and no sign of Moeka or her men. Kurisu's taking the Sobu Line to the next station, Ochanomizu, while Daru's going the opposite way to Shin-Koiwa. Mayuri and I are taking the Yamanote Line to Ikebukuro, so we part at the station's ticket gate. There are surprisingly few passengers on the train. I guess most of the salarymen are off for the Obon holiday. Mayuri is playing a handheld game - the RaiNet Kakeru action RPG. On the screen, her character is battling a gigantic Upa. I stand beside her and gaze at her profile, lost in thought. It's the night of the 13th, and Mayuri's still alive. How many times have I watched her die? How many times have I tasted that despair? No matter what I did, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't save this ditzy childhood friend of mine from death. She died again and again, right before my eyes. But now, she's alive. Standing beside me, playing a game. This is why I sacrificed our memories with Suzuha. It was the only way. I'm sorry, Suzuha. And thank you. Suzuha no longer exists in this time, but I hope my feelings will reach her all the same. ...Actually, come to think of it, why can't I tell her in person? Where in Akiba could the 54-year-old Suzuha be? I'll try asking Tennouji tomorrow. He probably knows Suzuha on this worldline too. I wonder if Suzuha remembers me.
Mayuri: ...Hey, Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri suddenly lifts her head. She looks at me hesitantly. Her cheeks are slightly pink.
Rintaro: What?
Mayuri: Come on, Okarin... Mayushii gets nervous when you stare at her like that...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Yeah.
Rintaro: Sorry about that.
UNSPOKEN: I apologize, but keep looking at her. Instead of starting a new game, Mayuri looks at me with concern.
Mayuri: There's something different about you today, Okarin.
Rintaro: R-really?
Mayuri: Yeah. What's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: I remind myself that Mayuri is more perceptive than she seems. She proved that when she figured out that Daru was Suzuha's father. I don't want to worry her too much. I want Mayuri to smile her usual ditzy smile without a care in the world. After all, it's over now. She's safe.
Rintaro: Heh. Nothing's wrong! And I wasn't looking at you just now. I was devising new ways to bring chaos to the world. Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Really? You seem kind of tired.
Rintaro: A mad scientist is never tired. The mighty gray cells of my 170-IQ brain are always performing calculations, day and night!
Mayuri: Oh... but you should still take a break every now and then. Please, Okarin. For me?
UNSPOKEN: Having said that, Mayuri returns to her game. I feel cold stares all around me, but I don't care at all. Mayuri is here with me, doing everyday Mayuri things. Ordinary things. Everything is going back to normal. Yesterday was my first time home in a while, so I slept like a log in my comfortable bed. It could be because of my mental exhaustion, but that was my best night's sleep in a while. Before heading up to the lab, I stop and stare at the Braun Tube Workshop. The familiar mountain bike is gone. Suzuha liked it so much, she insisted on bringing it with her to 1975. The workshop door opens and out comes Mister Braun, rubbing his eyes sleepily.
Tennouji: Okabe! You've got free time. How about a job? As a special offer, I'll hire you for one CRT a month.
UNSPOKEN: One CRT a month? So for one month's work, I get an old television? Hell no.
Rintaro: When did Suzuha quit, again?
Tennouji: Suzuha? Who the hell's that?
UNSPOKEN: What!? Was her existence erased completely? But that's impossible.
Tennouji: I ain't got time to remember the name of some lazy part-timer who quit after just ten days.
Rintaro: Damn you and your misleading words...
UNSPOKEN: So Suzuha did work here. That fact -- the evidence of Suzuha's sojourn in 2010 -- still remains on this worldline.
Tennouji: And I thought I finally had some help for a change. That's what I hate about you damn kids. No dedication. I bet she lied about liking CRTs, too. Got me good.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Phew. I knew she'd never marry a guy like him.
Tennouji: She was a pretty stoic lady. Didn't have much of a social life. But she treated me well. My house burned down 'bout one year after I moved here. It was my smoking that caused the fire, so I deserved it, but still. After I had lost everything, she let me come live here with her. That's not all. The Ohiyama Building, where the workshop's at? That was originally Suzu-san's property.
Rintaro: Eh!?
Tennouji: She sold it to me for cheap. It's thanks to her the Braun Tube Workshop exists. You could say she saved my life. Once, I asked her why she treated me so well. It wasn't like we were related or anything. But she just smiled and said... We all depend on someone's kindness at some point in our lives. When the time comes, you pass the gift along. She was kinda mysterious. She seemed to know exactly how things were gonna happen, like a prophet.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha... That was probably her way of repaying Tennouji for looking after her, even if it was just for ten days. And so, it came full circle.
Tennouji: It's a small world, huh? Never thought I'd meet someone else who knew her. Oh, right! Wait here a sec.
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji goes into the child's room next door, then returns and places an object on the table.
Rintaro: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: It's Suzuha's divergence meter! Before the worldline changed, it was in the lab. But on this worldline, Suzuha brought the meter with her to 1975. It's been in this house for 35 years. The tubes read 0. 409431%. Divergence has changed, just like Suzuha said. This proves that my magic eye, Reading Steiner, does indeed allow me to perceive changes to the worldline. But what does 0. 409431% mean? I recall what Suzuha said.
Suzuha: When the meter reads over 1%, you've made it to the Beta worldline.
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean I'm still on the Alpha worldline?
Tennouji: Do you know what that number means? 'Cause I sure don't. All I know is it hasn't changed a bit these ten years. But you know... When Suzu-san was on her deathbed, she used to stare at that meter for hours.
Rintaro: Eh...?
Tennouji: She used to stare at that meter, talking to herself. Is this the old number? The new number? Did it work? Did it change? Stuff like that, day in and day out. It hurt to watch.
UNSPOKEN: I touch the device. Suzuha. In my heart, I reach out to the girl who died ten years ago. To the girl who will be born seven years from now. To the girl who crossed time to save the future. Suzuha. Thanks to you, Mayuri is safe. Divergence has changed. But we haven't yet reached your ultimate goal. One percent divergence. Once that is achieved, the future you dreamed of will become a reality. I will carry on your fight, Suzuha. I promise. I realize that I am crying. Tennouji stares at me for a moment, then puts his giant hand on my shoulder.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri comes out of the ticket gate and walks up to me with a unhurried stride.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ I didn't think you'd come all the way to the station to pick me up. Mayushii's surprised!
Rintaro: I wouldn't want my hostage to get away.
Mayuri: Yeah, me neither! So, Mayushii's really happy. Ehehe♪
UNSPOKEN: I don't quite understand... but whatever. Mayuri flashes a carefree smile, then walks ahead of me, almost skipping.
Mayuri: So what's in the bag?
Rintaro: Mister Braun gave it to me. It's a device that can measure the divergence of worldlines.
Mayuri: Wow, that sounds amazing... what's a worldline?
UNSPOKEN: I smile wryly.
Rintaro: Mayuri, you really are a dummy.
UNSPOKEN: What am I doing? After I left Tennouji's house, I called Mayuri to ask when she would arrive in Akiba. Then, I went to the station to pick her up. Anxiety still smolders in my heart. We managed to survive yesterday, but that doesn't guarantee our safety forever. It's entirely possible for Moeka to attack now, on the afternoon of the 14th. Maybe I'm being overprotective, but I still can't shake the image of Mayuri's death from my mind. I don't ever want to have to go through that again.
Rintaro: Just a thought, Mayuri, but don't you think maybe you should stop coming to Akiba for a while? At least until ComiMa ends.
UNSPOKEN: No response. I look to the side.
Rintaro: Mayuri!?
UNSPOKEN: Panicked, I scan the area and catch sight of her wandering towards a newly-opened shaved ice stand. That ditz... Can't she tell how worried I am?
Kurisu: So you're the devoted type, huh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is glaring at me with an ice coffee in her hand. We're in the lab, which appears to have become her second home.
Rintaro: What's that supposed to mean?
UNSPOKEN: I'm sitting at the computer, searching for intel on the IBN 5100. I still don't know where it is. I went to Yanabayashi Shrine this morning, but alas, it wasn't there. Suzuha promised to get one to us somehow. Her gift to us from 1975. Without it, we can't hack into SERN's database, meaning we can't achieve divergence over 1%.
Kurisu: All of a sudden, you're treating Mayuri like a princess. Today you went to the station to meet her, you taste tested her lunch, and then you held her hand all the way back to the lab.
Mayuri: Okarin really loves Mayushii! Ehehe!
UNSPOKEN: Did she have to tell Kurisu, of all people? Mayuri looks so carefree as she stuffs her cheeks with takoyaki. I'm pretty sure she's smiling not because of my love, but because of the takoyaki's deliciousness. Typical Mayuri. But seriously, did you have to tell Kurisu?
Kurisu: So what's the deal?
Rintaro: I don't follow.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Do we look like a couple?
Kurisu: Huh!? Uh... well... umm...
UNSPOKEN: Just what sort of delusions does this girl have?
Mayuri: You know, Okarin and Mayushii have been friends since we were little♪ Mwawoohii's weeally hwawy nawo.
Rintaro: Don't talk with your mouth full.
Kurisu: So... you're not a couple. Oh. Well, of course! No one would willingly date Okabe, after all.
Rintaro: Pff. You disappoint me, Christina!
Kurisu: Hah? What are you talking about?
Rintaro: You have finally revealed your true nature. I saw how your eyes lit up at the first hint of romance! You're nothing but a filthy mainstream girl! I bet you like to eat chocolate with your girlfriends and giggle about the latest celebrity love affair! Absurd! This lab has no need of the puppies and flowers in your head!
UNSPOKEN: It feels strange to be spewing this chuunibyou nonsense again, after what I've been through. Gh, is my innocence lost forever?
Kurisu: What the hell are you on about, you self-proclaimed mad scientist chuunibyou nutcase?
UNSPOKEN: It's been a long time since I argued with Kurisu like this too. The thought brings a sudden pang of loneliness. After failing to save Mayuri, I sought help from this genius girl. Even though her words were at times harsh, she supported and encouraged me to the end. But now, all of that has vanished along with the time we spent with Suzuha. Thank you for your help, Kurisu. I silently give her my sincere gratitude. I finish typing on the X68000's keyboard and sigh, then turn to the divergence meter sitting on the shelf. The display reads 0. 409431%. What does that mean?
Suzuha: The universe is like this piece of yarn. Countless possible worldlines exist side by side, branching out to infinity. When the meter reads over 1%, you've made it to the Beta worldline. If you escape the Alpha attractor field and reach the Beta worldline... then the result will change. Reach 1% divergence... and you'll save Shiina Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: Then... does that mean I haven't saved her? Divergence is still less than 1%. Is the world still converging on Mayuri's death? It can't be. It can't be. I mean, nothing happened yesterday. Mayuri's here, safe and sound. So nothing will happen to her. It won't. I want to believe that, but the doubt within my heart is growing, thick and black. I can hardly think about anything else now. No matter how hard I stare at it, the number on the meter doesn't change a digit. So far, Reading Steiner has only activated after we sent past-changing D-Mails. What about when I time leap? The vertigo I feel when I time leap might be caused by Reading Steiner. Or maybe it's just a side effect of the memory transfer. It's impossible to know. In any case, I've prepared for the worst. I've already set the Time Leap Machine's timer to send my memories three hours into the past. And with Daru's help, I found a remote for the 42-inch CRT downstairs. Our previous PhoneWave (name subject to change) experiments made a hole in the floor. Instead of fixing the hole, I made it bigger. The 42-inch CRT is right under the hole, so if I point the remote at the hole and press the power button, the TV turns on. Now, should things go wrong, I can time leap at a moment's notice. And I also have Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake on hand, in case of emergency.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu enters the development room.
Kurisu: Didn't you say we weren't going to experiment with the Time Leap Machine?
Rintaro: This is just in case.
Kurisu: In case what?
UNSPOKEN: I don't want to answer that. I keep praying that my fears will not be realized. It's okay. Everything will be okay. They didn't attack yesterday, so they won't attack today. At the very least, we've changed Mayuri's fate. But still, I can't help but pray. Please let Mayuri be safe. Please don't let anything happen. My prayers... Go unanswered. The door slams open. Five men burst into the lab. I recognize them -- the Rounders. They aim their guns at us. I freeze. Despair seizes my heart. My worst fears have come true. It's happening exactly the same as before. Only this time, Suzuha isn't here to save us.
Attacker A: Hands in the air. Nobody move.
UNSPOKEN: Even the dark-skinned man's words are the same. Eventually, the unpleasant clack of heels echoes down the hallway.
Mayuri: Um... Moeka-san?
Moeka: We're taking the time machine.
UNSPOKEN: I suppress my terror and grab Mayuri's arm.
Attacker A: Don't move!
UNSPOKEN: The crew cut man says something he hasn't before.
Moeka: Makise Kurisu, Okabe Rintaro, Hashida Itaru. The three of you will come with us. You cannot resist. Come with us. You have nowhere to run. We have men stationed throughout Akihabara.
UNSPOKEN: What do I do? Should I use my concealed Moad Snake right now? Use it and then time leap? But Mayuri hasn't been killed yet. There's a chance she might not be killed on this worldline.
Attacker A: Hey, you!
UNSPOKEN: The crew cut man points his gun at me. My heartbeat jumps up. Cold sweat breaks out all over my body.
Attacker A: I said hands in the air.
UNSPOKEN: I've only raised my left.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I have to use it!
Rintaro: !!
UNSPOKEN: I swallow my fear and activate Moad Snake. White smoke instantly fills the room, rendering it impossible to see. The Rounders won't be able to aim through this. I have to time leap while it lasts! I grab Mayuri's hand and fumble through the smoke towards the development room.
Moeka: Shoot them!
UNSPOKEN: I hear the sound of guns firing wildly behind me.
Mayuri: Augh!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri's arm gets heavy. I trip forward and land on my face.
Rintaro: Mayu--
UNSPOKEN: Our hands were separated in the fall. I grope around and soon find her slender hand.
Mayuri: O...kari...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's feeble whisper reaches my ears. Was she hit!? The Rounder's blind shot hit Mayuri!?
Mayuri: It... hurts...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's voice quickly fades away. Strength drains from her fingers.
Rintaro: Mayuri! Come on! Get up!
UNSPOKEN: But Mayuri doesn't answer. ...I'm sorry, Mayuri. Once again, I've failed to save you. I thought I'd succeeded, but I was wrong. I hear my teeth grinding in my head.
Kurisu: Stop! Stop!
Itaru: Don't shoot meeeee!
UNSPOKEN: I hear Kurisu and Daru screaming as the gunfire continues.
Rintaro: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: A sharp pain flares at the top of my head. I press down with my hand. It comes away soaked with blood.
Rintaro: Ah, aahhh...
UNSPOKEN: It hurts it hurts it hurts! It feels like someone took a saw to my skull. My ears are ringing. I stumble. I can't stand up straight. I need to get to the Time Leap Machine! I squeeze Mayuri's limp hand one last time, then crawl to the development room, fumble for the headgear, and put it on. I point the remote at the hole and press the power button. The TV turns on downstairs. I can hear people laughing on the screen.
Attacker A: Target A, Target C secured.
Kurisu: Run, Okabe! Run!
UNSPOKEN: Shit! I clench my fists in frustration. The Time Leap Machine is already activated. The discharge phenomenon is starting. The floor begins to shake. Once again... I leap to the past.
Rintaro: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: The world collapses, then reforms. Once again, I feel that odd numbness behind my eyes. The pain at the top of my head is gone. I wipe the sweat off my brow and look around. I can't see Moad Snake's vapor any more. The air is clear. Kurisu is reading a western book like usual. Mayuri is playing a handheld game while eating a banana. Daru isn't here. I recall he said he was going out somewhere.
Rintaro: Mayu--
UNSPOKEN: I quickly swallow my words.
Mayuri: Okarin? You want a banana too?
UNSPOKEN: When I wave my hand no, Mayuri tilts her head quizzically, then goes back to her game. I sink into the sofa and close my eyes. Somehow, I resist the urge to scream in frustration. I have to think. I erased our memories with Suzuha. I changed the worldline. But it wasn't enough. The divergence meter still reads 0. 4%. How do I get that above 1%? Wait. If I try to solve the problem alone, it'll just end the same way. I need to consult Kurisu.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I lead her out of the lab. We sit on the bench in front of the building. Suzuha's bicycle is still absent.
Kurisu: What is it? You don't normally say my name normally.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns at her own words.
Kurisu: That came out weird.
Rintaro: Please... help me.
Kurisu: ...Now this is a shock. I never thought I'd hear those words from you. Do you have a fever?
Rintaro: No jokes. I seriously need your help.
Kurisu: You time leaped, didn't you?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: How much do you know?
Kurisu: How much do I know about what?
Rintaro: How about Suzuha being John Titor?
Kurisu: Eh!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a blank stare.
Kurisu: It never even occurred to me.
UNSPOKEN: When we prevented Suzuha from leaving on August 9th, she ended up staying until August 13th. But that outcome was changed by my last D-Mail. What happened during those four days on this worldline?
Rintaro: Have you finished the Time Leap Machine?
Kurisu: What are you talking about? I finished it yesterday after an all-nighter, remember? When did you leap from?
Rintaro: 8 PM tonight.
UNSPOKEN: It looks like I'll have to explain everything all over again.
Kurisu: Hmmm...
UNSPOKEN: I told her about Mayuri's many deaths, and about what happened with Suzuha and Moeka. I also gave a summary of what Suzuha told me about the structure of the universe. Kurisu does not appear to doubt my story.
Kurisu: So basically, you win if you get the IBN 5100 back.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sums up what I told her.
Kurisu: This is just a guess... But maybe you should look at what Amane-san said from the opposite angle. I think the critical change takes place when you get the IBN 5100 and erase the data in SERN's database. That instant is most likely when you'll achieve divergence over 1%.
Rintaro: The problem is where the IBN 5100 is now.
Kurisu: You've already found it once. That is, if your memories are real. If you can get back to the worldline where you first obtained it, then isn't it bound to return to you?
Rintaro: I see... You're right. The IBN 5100 was at the lab, and then it suddenly disappeared.
Kurisu: You threw a fit about that earlier. I remember thinking, 'Oh god, Okabe's finally lost his ability to distinguish fantasy from reality.'
Rintaro: You're such a wannabe American. What do you mean, 'oh god'? Oh, I get it. Chris-chan is a Chris-tian.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me in disdain as soon as those words leave my lips.
Kurisu: That's terrible.
Rintaro: ...I regret it too.
UNSPOKEN: This is no time for puns.
Rintaro: So, Christina... let me see if I understand what you're saying. The changes we made to the worldline -- namely, all of the D-Mails we've sent -- must be reversed. That will return us to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.
UNSPOKEN: From what I've experienced so far, I'm confident that the IBN 5100's disappearance from the lab wasn't due to theft. After all, I was sleeping at the lab. And whenever I wasn't around, another lab mem was. The lab was occupied every hour of the day. It would have been impossible for someone to steal that heavy computer without anyone noticing. It makes more sense to assume that a D-Mail caused us to diverge from the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: This assistant of mine has no confidence in me at all.
Kurisu: You can't just blindly follow this hypothesis either. You may have a safety net, but if you get careless and leave yourself without a way out... Then you'll never get another chance to save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I know that. I'd ask for Suzuha's opinion too, if she were here, but on this worldline, she traveled to 1975 on the night of August 9th. There's no way I can speak to her now.
Kurisu: Why did the IBN 5100 disappear? Which of the D-Mails caused its disappearance? Figure that out, and you're well on your way to finding the solution.
Rintaro: What I don't understand is how we delayed the timing of Mayuri's death exactly 24 hours.
Kurisu: True, that is interesting. Maybe it's related to the change in divergence. It could be the Butterfly Effect. If that's the case, any trivial change could produce a significantly deviant result. Anyway, it's important to act with discretion. Don't do anything careless. Your death, Okabe, is the worst thing that could possibly happen. You're probably the only person who can remember previous worldlines. If you die, then consider Mayuri dead for good. ...Don't die. Okay?
Rintaro: ...You're not worried about me, are you?
Kurisu: W-what!? Don't be ridiculous! Why should I care!? I'm not worried about you, okay? Don't get the wrong idea. I just don't want to lose a valuable test subject, that's all. Yeah! That brain of yours has accumulated memories spanning worldlines and time leaps. It's a precious sample that can rewrite the history of neuroscience! I want to map your brain and find out just what's going on in there. In other words, your time leaping helps me, too! After all, the Time Leap Machine is the fruit of my research, so to speak, and I--
Rintaro: Calm down.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away with a sour expression. This assistant of mine can be difficult sometimes. Anyway. I consider her hypothesis. In order to return to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine, we need to cancel all the D-Mails we sent so far. The theory is sound, and I've got nothing else to go on. I check the clock. It's 6:42 PM. Only one hour until Moeka's raid. I decide to time leap once more, to the afternoon of the 13th, just before the Time Leap Machine is completed.
Rintaro: Christina. I'm going to give this plan of yours a shot.
Kurisu: Oh. G-great.
UNSPOKEN: I take Kurisu's hand and grasp it firmly.
Kurisu: Ah...
Rintaro: You've been a great help. Sorry for the trouble.
Kurisu: D-don't apologize, dummy. It's confusing... And besides, I don't even remember helping you before! How are you going to take responsibility for this!?
UNSPOKEN: Why is she getting mad at me? I just don't understand her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: You really have an awful personality.
Kurisu: You're one to talk.
UNSPOKEN: With that, I leap 28 hours into the past. Time leap complete. I'm standing in the lab, as usual. My brain feels like it's been pinched. I endure the pain as I check my watch. It's 1:47 PM. Kurisu's almost done with the Time Leap Machine, and Mayuri's almost done with Lukako's costume. They should both be done in about 10 minutes. I leave the lab and sit on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop. Let's go over the plan. Cancel all the D-Mails that have changed the past so far. Of course, that includes D-Mails sent by people other than me. Specifically, I'm only concerned with the D-Mails that triggered Reading Steiner. We sent several of them as experiments. For example, Operation Urd Stage Two, the LOTO SIX experiment, involved one such D-Mail. But the real problem is what other people sent. Mayuri and Kurisu haven't sent any D-Mails. Daru sent his past self a strategy to win the Faris Cup, but Reading Steiner didn't activate, so divergence must not have changed. That leaves three D-Mails to deal with -- those sent by Moeka, Lukako, and Faris. The most problematic is the one Faris sent, which is also the most recent. I have no idea what it said, so I don't know how to cancel it. Faris's D-Mail caused a dramatic change to Akiba. All of the moe stores disappeared. That's my only hint. I'm the only one who remembers how things were before the change, so I won't get an answer from Faris, even if I ask her directly. But still, I have to at least try. I should get in touch with her. First, let's try contacting her by phone or mail. Meeting face-to-face would be best, but MayQueen doesn't exist on this worldline. Meaning I'd have to go to that high-class apartment complex. I should try contacting Faris first. I decide to call her. The ring tone echoes in my ears. It's not connecting.
Rintaro: Damn!
UNSPOKEN: I stab the End button and open up my mailbox. I'll write Faris a mail. Just give it to her straight. I send it. Afterwards, I sit and stare at the screen, waiting. I've already tried sending three mails and calling four or five times, but 30 minutes pass without a single response. Unable to hide my frustration, I storm off towards Faris's apartment. I arrive at the tall apartment building soaked in sweat. I've been running an awful lot lately. It's made me realize how out of shape I am. I wish I worked out more. This complex has an automatic lock, so I have to call up from the lobby intercom. I enter the number for Faris's apartment, and a man's calm voice soon replies.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Then where is she now?
Butler: I'm afraid I cannot answer that. You may be someone with whom she does not wish to interact.
Rintaro: I've been here before, remember!?
Butler: Of course, sir. However, I still cannot disclose the location of the young mistress. Please contact her directly.
UNSPOKEN: He's obviously trying to end the conversation, so I panic to get the last word in.
Rintaro: P-please wait! I've been trying to get in touch with Faris, but she's not returning my calls or emails!
Butler: Then please try again some other time.
Rintaro: Guh!
UNSPOKEN: Frustrated by this new turn of events, my anger threatens to boil over. Damn inflexible geezer! I leave the lobby. MayQueen+Nyan² doesn't exist on this worldline. Faris isn't responding to my calls or emails either. Where could she be? Underneath the incandescent heat of the sun, I suddenly get an idea. Daru. If anyone knows where Faris is, it'll be that stalker of hers.
Itaru: Yeah? Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: Hm? It's awfully noisy on the other end of the phone. But I don't care about that.
Rintaro: Daru, do you happen to know where Faris is right now?
Itaru: Faris-tan?
Rintaro: I need to talk to her right now!
Itaru: Right now? That's not gonna happen.
Rintaro: Just tell me where she is! You keep tabs on her at all times, don't you!?
Itaru: I know where she is, sure.
Rintaro: Where!? Where is she!?
Itaru: In the UPX assembly hall.
UNSPOKEN: UPX... I look up. I'm standing right in front of UPX.
Rintaro: Why the assembly hall?
Itaru: Today's the finals of the RaiNet AB GC.
Rintaro: RaiNet AB GC?
Itaru: Short for RaiNet AccessBattlers Grand Championship, duh. It's the finals, man. Faris is participating. Faris-tan was the winner of this year's winter GC, so she's the defending champion. Just so you know.
Rintaro: She's... in the finals?
Itaru: I'm here too, spectating. The match has already started, man.
UNSPOKEN: So that's why!
Rintaro: I'm headed there now. What floor!?
Itaru: Do you have a ticket?
Rintaro: No, but I'll manage!
Itaru: I don't know, man. Security's pretty tight. Someone posted threats on @channel. Pretty sure you're not getting in.
Rintaro: Then you come out. I'm in front of UPX. Can you lend me your ticket?
Itaru: No way. It'll end at four, so can't you just wait until then?
Rintaro: H-hey! Daru! Daru! Gh...!
UNSPOKEN: That inflexible bastard! Looks like I don't have a choice. All I can do is wait like Daru suggested. At 4:00, tons of people spew out of the building. They're mostly parents with children, but there are also men and women in their 20s and 30s. Seems like a wide customer base. Some people are dressed in cosplay, and others are carrying RaiNet goods and paper bags. They're the ones you'd expect to be here. Maybe I should try calling Faris again. The match should be over. Why won't she pick up!? My frustration peaks. I tell myself to calm down, but it doesn't work. One obstacle after another! I'm on the verge of losing it! I pace back and forth as I watch the exiting crowd. I try calling Daru again, but now even he's not answering. Looks like I don't have a choice.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: When I point out the scientific truth, the man with a bald spot and his lackeys get pissed. This doesn't look good. I don't have time to get into a fight. I decide to stage a tactical retreat. Afterwards, I go to the assembly hall and ask the staff about Faris. No luck. When I try calling Daru again, he says Maybe she went home already? in a bummed-out voice. I return to Faris's apartment building and ring the intercom again. The butler responds once more.
Butler: May I ask who's calling?
Rintaro: It's Okabe. Has Fari... has Rumiho-san returned?
Butler: ...Just a moment.
UNSPOKEN: It sounds like she's home. The intercom goes silent for a while. And then, the door's automatic lock opens, allowing me inside the elevator hall.
Butler: Please come up, sir. The young mistress will see you.
UNSPOKEN: I give him my thanks and hurry into the elevator. The butler guides me into the bedroom, where Faris is sitting on the sofa, hugging her knees. She doesn't look up, even when I approach.
Rintaro: Faris! Finally. There's something I need to ask you.
Faris: Hmmya...
UNSPOKEN: She looks exhausted, like all the life has been drained out of her. I've never seen Faris like this.
Rintaro: What happened? You look down.
Faris: This can't be happening, nya. Why did Faris have to lose, nyan? If only those guys hadn't used underhanded tricks on me, nya... They ganged up on Faris... I even promised Papa I'd win... he's probably disappointed in me, nya... I'm too ashamed to show my face, nya...
UNSPOKEN: What is she saying? No, wait. I think I get it. I recall what happened after Faris's final match in the RaiNet championship. That leather-clad asshole called her the former champ. I guess that means she lost. And that's why she's depressed. I feel bad for Faris, but I don't have time to deal with this.
Rintaro: Listen, Faris!
UNSPOKEN: Faris blinks her eyes repeatedly when I grab her by the shoulders. But her eyes are glazed and empty of light.
Rintaro: A couple of days ago, you used the time machine we invented to send a D-Mail. Do you remember that?
Faris: Hanya?
UNSPOKEN: I knew it was useless, but I had to ask. Faris doesn't remember. In fact, from her perspective, it never happened. How do I explain?
Rintaro: Let's say, for example, that there used to be tons of stores for anime otaku here in Akiba. And let's say you used a time machine, and changed that Akiba into the electric town it is today. How would you do it?
UNSPOKEN: I know it's a really cryptic question. But I can't think of a better way.
Faris: Time... machine...
UNSPOKEN: Faris murmurs with a blank expression on her face.
Faris: Time machine...
UNSPOKEN: She repeats the same phrase. Faris's eyes gradually regain their brightness. And then, all at once...
Faris: Kyouma...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: W-whoa! What!?
UNSPOKEN: She smells good. Faris's cat ears tickle my nose. I go stiff, not knowing what to do about this sudden turn of events. Faris looks up at me. She looks so desperate. I feel my heart pound faster.
Faris: Is it a real time machine, nya?
Rintaro: ...Yeah. It's real.
UNSPOKEN: Faris stares at me even more intensely, like she's trying to see inside my soul.
Faris: I believe you, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Just when I get the feeling she believed me way too easily, she suddenly starts clutching her head.
Faris: Ugh... ugh... I'm about to remember, nya.
Rintaro: Huh?
Faris: Faris remembers using the time machine, nyan.
Rintaro: Wha... Really!?
Faris: Umm, Faris got on the time machine and it went zoom and...
Rintaro: What? But you didn't ride anything, you sent a D-Mail to the past.
Faris: Nyanya! That's it, nya, I'm starting to remember more and more, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris then holds her head and looks at me with tears in her eyes.
Faris: My head... hurts, nya.
Rintaro: What's going on here?
UNSPOKEN: Does Faris have Reading Steiner too? I don't know. I need to find out, but how? Calm down. I need to think. Should I contact Kurisu? Or should I...
Faris: Kyouma... Faris is... Faris is...
UNSPOKEN: Faris continues to cling to me. And all I can do is hold her warm, soft, slender body in my arms. I need to make her remember somehow.
Faris: My brains are turning to mush, nya...
Rintaro: Hang in there! Is there anything I can do?
Faris: If I win... If I win, I might remember, nya.
Rintaro: Win? Win what?
Faris: Today's match, nyan. Against the Viral Attackers, nya. I only lost because of their underhanded tricks, nya. And now my head is all mushy, so I can't remember anything, nya. Please, Kyouma... I think that if I win the match, I'll remember everything, nya. So please, nyan, let me use the time machine.
Rintaro: By the way, this isn't an act, right?
Faris: A-an act? What do you mean, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Don't tell me she just wants to use the time machine to win her RaiNet match? Considering her personality, that's actually pretty likely. After all, this is a girl who twists men around her finger.
Faris: You're awful, nya.
UNSPOKEN: And then Faris starts crying into my chest.
Faris: Even though Faris is trying her bestest to remember for you... You called me a liar... it hurts, nyan.
Rintaro: Ah, no, I'm sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Tears emerge from the corners of her eyes. I have no idea what to do in this situation. Judging by her tears, I don't think she's lying. But there's really no basis to the theory that she'll remember if she wins the RaiNet tournament.
Faris: Please, nya...
UNSPOKEN: Faris whispers into my ear.
Faris: Help Faris win, nyan...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: W-wait! I get it! I get it, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly pull away from Faris. That was dangerous. I almost exploded.
Rintaro: O-okay, Faris. We'll do it your way.
Faris: Fur real, nyan!?
Rintaro: Yeah. I need you to remember, whatever it takes.
UNSPOKEN: Faris tries to throw her arms around me, but I quickly evade. She face dives into the sofa awkwardly.
Faris: Hnnya... why'd you dodge, nya?
Rintaro: Um... You're being way too familiar.
UNSPOKEN: I'm not good at dealing with Faris. She's using me here, I'm sure. ...I'm being tricked, aren't I? I shake my head. Even so, I have no choice but to help her win the tournament. I'll try anything that could possibly yield results. As long as I keep doing that, I'll find a solution eventually. I have to believe that.
Rintaro: I'm going to leap to this morning and give you some advice that will allow you to win. How's that?
Faris: We're not sending a mail, nyan?
Rintaro: Our lab has developed a device for time leaping, or sending your consciousness to the past.
Faris: Awesome! So it's like New Game+, nya?
Rintaro: Umm, yeah, that's it.
UNSPOKEN: Don't play along. Whatever you do, don't play along.
Faris: So if Faris uses it to go back to this morning, it'll solve everything, nya!
Rintaro: You can't!
Faris: Nya!? Why not, nyan?
Rintaro: I can't let anyone else use the Time Leap Machine.
Faris: No fair, nya.
Rintaro: It's not something to be used lightly. It's dangerous.
UNSPOKEN: It has yet to fail once so far, but my luck might not last forever. Suzuha lost her memory after traveling in a broken time machine. Her time machine was different, of course, but something similar could happen with the Time Leap Machine. Considering the Time Leap Machine's low budget and rushed schedule, it wouldn't be surprising if it broke somehow. And there's one more thing. I shouldn't allow anyone else to change the past. My goal is to return to the worldline with the IBN 5100, then use it to escape from the Alpha Attractor Field. The fewer changes made, the better.
Rintaro: I'll be the one responsible for changing the past. Trust me, Faris.
Faris: ...Okay, nya.
Rintaro: Guh...
UNSPOKEN: I brace my wobbling feet. As my vision recovers, I check the clock. It's 10:38 AM. The time leap was successful. According to Faris, she lost the match due to cleverly-concealed interference from the opposing team. Faris told me how to counter that. Her plan...
Faris: Bring Faris sunglasses and earplugs before the match, nyan! Then I can ignore the distractions and win fur sure, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if she's right... No, now's not the time to doubt. Faris said she would arrive at the assembly hall around 12. I head to UPX, making sure to buy sunglasses and earplugs on the way. There's still half an hour before the tournament begins, but there's already a line outside of UPX. I didn't think there would be many participants since it's already the finals, but it turns out there's another tournament for the general public at the same time. The opening act, so to speak. The participants enter the hall through a different entrance than the spectators. I'm at the participant entrance, waiting for Faris to make her appearance. After about 15 minutes, Faris appears. She lives right next door to UPX, so she's got a lot of leeway time-wise. She's got her cat ears and her maid uniform on. It feels strange to see her wearing that uniform despite MayQueen not existing on this worldline. Faris's eyes open wide when she sees me.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I waited here because I wanted to see you.
Faris: Hanya!? A-are you confessing your love for me? I don't know what to do if you confess right before such an important match, nyan!
Rintaro: D-don't be ridiculous! Why would I confess to you?
Faris: ...You're awfully serious today, nya. Usually you play along more, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I don't have time to be Hououin Kyouma now.
Faris: I'm nervous about the finals, so I want to lift my spirits, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't look nervous.
Rintaro: Please just listen to me, Faris! This is important for your victory.
Faris: Important? But you don't even know the rules of RaiNet, nya?
Rintaro: It's not about the rules or anything like that.
Faris: Then what is it, nya?
UNSPOKEN: She peers at me with questioning eyes. I'd better give her the goods before I screw this up.
Rintaro: Take these with you.
UNSPOKEN: I try handing over the sunglasses and earplugs I bought on the way here. But Faris pulls back, as if on guard.
Faris: Kyouma... that's lame, nya...
UNSPOKEN: How rude!
Faris: You're supposed to bring nicer presents, like--
Rintaro: It's not a present. These are countermeasures!
Faris: Nya?
Rintaro: Listen good. I came from the future.
Faris: I know, nya.
Rintaro: What!?
UNSPOKEN: She knows? How!? Why!?
Faris: And Faris came from space, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Don't forget, this is Faris NyanNyan we're dealing with.
Rintaro: I'm not joking around here! I seriously leapt here from six this evening! I know the outcome of today's RaiNet GC final.
Faris: Don't tell me. Overwhelming victory for Faris--
Rintaro: No. You lose.
Faris: Nyau...
UNSPOKEN: Faris frowns.
Rintaro: But that's only because of the opposing team's interference. So to protect you, I brought you these sunglasses and earplugs.
UNSPOKEN: I desperately try to convince her, but Faris just hangs her head, making it hard to read her expression.
Rintaro: Are you listening!?
UNSPOKEN: I grab Faris's slender shoulders. She's shaking.
Rintaro: Faris?
Faris: Unyaaaaa! Kyouma, you meanie!
UNSPOKEN: And then she suddenly explodes!
Faris: This is a very important match for Faris, nya! How dare you say I'll lose nya! You're being mean! Are you a Viral Attackers spy, nya!?
Rintaro: N-no, look, it wasn't your fault you lost. It's--
Faris: Hmya! Not listenyan!
Rintaro: Hgg...!
UNSPOKEN: After a swift kick to my shin, Faris turns her back to me in a huff. Damn you, catgirl! For once in your life, listen to me!
Rintaro: W-wait! I said wait! I need you to win, no matter what!
Faris: Like I said, there's no way I can lose, nya! And I don't wannya wear those ugly glasses, nya! Faris needs to be cute at every moment! My fans are counting on me, nya!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Please hear me out!
UNSPOKEN: Bearing the pain in my shin, I force my way in front of Faris and stand in her way.
Rintaro: Faris, please. Mayuri's life depends on it!
Faris: Someone! Someone come here, nya! Help me, nyan!
UNSPOKEN: Faris suddenly starts shouting. She grabs the attention of the surrounding participants and spectators. Even staff members are gathering. Crap, I can't talk about time machines or Mayuri's life with this much attention around us. But unless I can get Faris to listen to me, there's no way I can undo her D-Mail. What should I do?
???: You seem to have an awful lot of time on your hands. Eh, Champion?
UNSPOKEN: That smug voice. A tall man dressed entirely in black walks up to us with a grin on his face. Whenever he takes a step, all of his silver accessories jingle. He dramatically takes off his sunglasses, revealing the face of that guy who gave me trouble before. If I'm not mistaken, he called himself 4℃ or something like that.
4℃: Heh. Swooping down unto the street, I am the black peacock of the RaiNetter realm. The name's 4℃. That's Shido, you get me? I'm the leader of the Viral Attackers.
Faris: The Viral Attackers...
UNSPOKEN: Hm? The Viral Attackers. I think I've heard that name somewhere before... That's right! They're Faris's opponents this match! They're trying to start a fight now. This is a guy who headbutts people out of nowhere. And he seems to hate Faris, for some reason.
4℃: Seriously, you disappoint me, Champion. You flirt with the system, but that's just noise to my heart. And yet here you are, before the match, soaking in the corrupted love of that worthless man. You put on the airs of a siamese cat, but with this duel today, I'll dye that white fur of yours jet black. Gaia has thus whispered. The black cat is the sign of disaster. My black radiance shall outshine your shadow, ushering in a new generation of RaiNet. Women are already slaves to the living Rock Mind that is myself.
UNSPOKEN: Damn, this guy can talk. Though I have no idea what he's saying. Faris seems to be thinking the same thing.
Faris: Why is everyone getting in Faris's way, nya? I can't hear myself think, nya!
UNSPOKEN: With that said, she quickly tries to enter the hall. But I grab her hand to detain her.
Rintaro: Faris, I told you to wait!
Faris: Paws off!
Rintaro: I'm begging you, please listen to what I'm saying!
4℃: Hey! Don't you dare disregard the man closest to the truth of RaiNet.
Rintaro: This is none of your business. Go away.
4℃: The hell you say! Don't you know I'm the black nobleman of the RaiNet realm!?
Rintaro: Weren't you the black peacock of the RaiNet realm? Get your story straight.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I hear giggles from all around.
4℃: Heh! They're laughing at you, you corrupt pussy l'amant!
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is a l'amant?
Rintaro: I think not! They're laughing at you, you pathetic peacock with a bald spot on your head.
4℃: What!? How do you know about my untouchable black spot!? I've never told anyone about it!
UNSPOKEN: 4℃'s face turns red.
Rintaro: Elementary, 4℃ (YondoC). I am an insane mad scientist and traveler through time! Nothing escapes the sight of Hououin Kyouma.
4℃: The name's Shido! Now you've gone too far! For the sin of insulting my ultra-cool badass name, I'll summon you to my garden, the black HELL! Just you wait!
UNSPOKEN: He puts on his sunglasses and leaves. Consider this payback for the headbutt.
Faris: How did you know about 4℃'s weak point, nyan? Nobody's ever seen it.
Rintaro: Haven't you been listening? I came from the future.
Faris: Ah...
Rintaro: So please, Faris, take this stuff. Just hold on to it, okay?
Faris: B-but... there's no way Faris can lose, nya.
Rintaro: You're stronger than them, no question. But you heard him just now. They're obviously not gonna play fair. They'll do anything it takes to win, even if it breaks the RaiNetter code.
Faris: If you say so...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like my desperation paid off. Faris reluctantly accepts the two items I present to her. Of course, she doesn't take them out of the bag.
Faris: I'm just going to hold onto them. Is that okay, nya?
Rintaro: Yeah. Just make sure you have them with you on the stage. I promise you'll need them.
UNSPOKEN: Sooner or later, she won't have a choice. The theme song to RaiNet Kakeru plays through the hall, signaling the start of the finals. There's a kind of majesty to the scene. The tension of the crowd peaks as its voltage reaches a climax.
Announcer: Thanks for waiting, everybody! The finals are about to begin, and we'll see once and for all who is the RaiNet AccessBattlers Grand Champion! These two teams are about to clash! First up, the defending champion! Our queen! The Moe Maid Cat! Fariiiiis! NyaaanNyaaaaaaaaaan!
UNSPOKEN: Faris makes her entrance to thunderous cheering. She smiles brightly and waves to the audience. She really is like a queen. I notice she's not wearing the sunglasses I gave her.
Announcer: And now, the challengers! Like a comet they suddenly appeared, blazing across the starry sky! The dark horse -- nay, dark peacock of the RaiNet world! This is their very first tournament, but despite various troubles including no-show opponents, they have made it to the finals! They are the Black Absolute Zero! The Viraaaaal! Attackeeeeers!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: You gotta cheer for Faris-tan too!
Rintaro: Yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Oblivious to my anxiety, Daru starts jumping and waving his hands in the air.
Spectator A: Faris-tan!
Spectator B: I love you, Faris!
Spectator C: Moe moe!!
UNSPOKEN: Cameras flash as everyone tries to get a picture of the catgirl.
Faris: I'm gonna give it my best, everyone! So cheer for me, nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: The speakers carry her cute, cheerful voice to every corner of the hall. Apparently, they gave microphones to both teams so that they could talk to the audience.
Faris: Ehehehe. Service shot, nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: Faris puts on an impish smile and turns to the audience in a sexy pose. Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooah! The entire hall shakes with the audience's roar. Faris's popularity is overwhelming.
Itaru: There it is! Yes! Faris! It's me! Marry me!
UNSPOKEN: Daru has totally lost it. I wonder if Faris will be alright. Judging from her enthusiasm, it certainly looks like she'll be fine. Once the cheering dies down, I speak to Daru.
Rintaro: How come there are two Viral Attackers, but Faris is all alone?
Itaru: What? You don't even know about that?
UNSPOKEN: I'm not familiar with the rules of RaiNet AccessBattlers. I had Daru explain them before the finals started, but he only covered the basics.
Itaru: In this tournament, duels take place between two-man teams. But since there's nobody strong enough to be Faris-tan's duel partner, she goes alone. Two heads are obviously better than one, but Faris can win despite her handicap! That's why I love her!
Rintaro: These Viral Attackers... what sort of team are they?
Itaru: Hmm. I don't know all the details, but apparently they're a pretty aggressive team. But other than that, there's a bunch of suspicious rumors about them. They've got a lot of followers, you see. And apparently, they don't mind using those followers to interfere with their opponents during duels. About half the teams they faced in the championships were no-shows. And that's not all. Apparently, they even go around beating up otaku in Akiba and Ikebukuro. Long story short, RaiNetters really hate them.
Rintaro: Then why haven't they been disqualified?
Itaru: Cause there's no evidence. RaiNetters are mostly kids and otaku. Just a little intimidation from some guys in black, and they clam up.
UNSPOKEN: The Viral Attackers... Faris told me that their interference cost her the game. But as long as she's got the sunglasses and earplugs I gave her, she should be able to win. And if she wins, she might be able to recall the contents of the D-Mail she sent. At least, that's what she said. I need Faris to win. Mayuri's life depends on it. I'm counting on you, Faris! Faris rises to the stage, heralded by thunderous cheers. And naturally, on the other side is 4℃. They face off across the Circuit Mat.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: You can discuss with your partner what moves to make. It's harder for the opponent to predict what you're going to do.
UNSPOKEN: So basically, the partner just plays a support role.
Itaru: Well, there's nothing to worry about. Faris-tan can beat the daylights outta these punks in the blink of an eye.
Announcer: Are both teams ready?
UNSPOKEN: The referee gathers Faris and the two Virals for a coin toss to decide who takes the first turn.
Announcer: And now, for the RaiNet AccessBattlers Grand Championship Finals--
UNSPOKEN: Instantly, silence falls on the assembly hall. Everyone holds their breath in anticipation.
Announcer: Duel Access!
UNSPOKEN: The referee's shout signals the start of the game. The room erupts in cheers. First up is Faris. The huge monitor hanging from the ceiling displays the Circuit Mat -- the thing that looks like a chessboard. The cards glitter and sparkle in the stage lights. All cards on the board are face down, but each player is allowed to peek at his or her own cards. The cameras are oriented in a way that the audience can't see what cards they have. According to Daru, RaiNet AccessBattlers is a game of psychological warfare. It's all about figuring out where your opponent has placed his cards. Each player starts with four Link Cards and four Virus Cards, for a total of eight cards face down on the board. The victory conditions are a little complex, but in short, you win if you take four of your opponent's Link Cards or if you make your opponent take four of your Virus Cards. The game starts with each player trying to figure out how the other has placed his or her cards. Knowing your opponent's layout lets you shift the game to your advantage. That's why it's important to be careful what moves you make, whether you're attacking or defending. Your Duel Partner's there to make it harder for your opponent to read your thoughts. I watch as the duel between Faris and the Viral Attackers unfolds before my eyes. Every time a Link Card or Virus Card is revealed, waves of excitement ripple through the audience. I'm starting to understand just how amazing Faris must be to become champion all by herself. The audience is on the edge of their seats. As best as I can tell, it looks like the Viral Attackers are, true to their name, on the attack.
Rintaro: What sort of strategy does Faris use?
Itaru: I guess you could say she's a slow starter. She spends the first half focusing on reading her opponent's cards. She plays it safe. And instead, she waits until the endgame for a sudden reversal. That's probably how she'll play it this time, too.
UNSPOKEN: But contrary to Daru's expectations, Faris charges into enemy territory with a card equipped with a skill called Line Boost. Undaunted, the Virals meet her attack head-on, countering with their own Line Boost-equipped card. Oddly enough, Faris makes the first move. She waits for the Virals to overextend themselves, then snatches one of their cards using her Line Boost-equipped card.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: We won't know if the card she took was a Link Card or a Virus Card until she opens it. The card Faris snatched is...
Itaru: No way!
Rintaro: What happened!?
Itaru: I can't believe it. She took a Virus Card... She almost never goes on the offensive. Maybe the Virals are enough of a threat to warrant a change of strategy.
4℃: Pff, looks like our pussy champ here is frightened by the heavy rock wings of the black peacock. Your fear is showing. I can see your cowardly pussy-shivering with these fallen angel eyes of mine. This little 'strategy change' of yours? It's an obvious fake. My elegant evil heart whispers so. I've done my research. You never go on the offensive. You're the cautious, thinking-type. I know all about your little mind tricks. You can't fool me. That card you attacked with just now is a Virus Card, no doubt. You think I'll take the bait, don't you? This black nobleman set off a red alarm in your heart, awakening your wild survival instincts. And that's why you suddenly changed your strategy. But it's too late for that now. Such inelegant tricks as that have not a chance to stain our blackness. For we are the Viral Attackers, the Black Justice. The usurpers of RaiNet. The rebellion against this fickle Sanctuary.
Rintaro: He sure can talk...
UNSPOKEN: And I still have no idea what he's saying.
Itaru: I hate those guys.
UNSPOKEN: Faris was radiant when she greeted the audience, but now her cheer and luster have evaporated in the face of 4℃'s taunts.
Itaru: Well, you gotta admit. Pressuring your opponent is an important part of RaiNet. If you shake your opponent up, their reaction might help you figure out their card layout.
Rintaro: ...This game sounds pretty hardcore.
Itaru: To tell you the truth, RaiNet's more popular with adults than with kids. Even the anime's like that. It's marketed towards kids, but the story's going down a pretty hard route. That, and Kirari-chan's sexy!
UNSPOKEN: Like I care, perv. Only three minutes have passed since the start of the duel, and Faris is already frowning. She's also fidgeting in her seat, as if there's something bothering her.
Rintaro: A laser!
Itaru: Eh? What?
Rintaro: Look! Near her eyes! There's a red dot!
UNSPOKEN: It appears in short intervals, so it's difficult to spot, but there's definitely a laser shining in Faris's eyes.
Itaru: ...Seriously?
UNSPOKEN: Daru stares at her eyes for a few seconds, then shakes his head.
Itaru: I can't tell. But if you're right, Okarin, then someone in the audience is trying to sabotage her! Damn those Virals!
Rintaro: Why doesn't the referee stop them!?
Itaru: They must be timing it so that the referee doesn't see.
UNSPOKEN: The audience is huge. It's impossible to tell where the beam is coming from. There could be multiple lasers, for all I know. Now I get it. This is why Faris asked me to bring her sunglasses before I time leaped! Put on the damn sunglasses, Faris! Alas, my telepathic message doesn't reach her. I clench my teeth and stand up.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I'm going to find whoever's doing this and stop them!
Itaru: But how are you gonna find them in this crowd!?
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Daru and begin wading through the sea of spectators in search of my target. Meanwhile, the game is still proceeding. Faris takes the card she used for her first attack, and instead of sending it into enemy territory for another attack, pulls it back to fortify her defenses. The Virals respond by unleashing a massive assault on her line. They equip a card with Line Boost -- which allows it to move twice -- move it twice, and then unequip it. Then they equip Line Boost to another card and move that. It looks like their strategy is to attack in waves. They even seem willing to make sacrifices, to a certain extent. And of course, the Virals are most likely attacking with a mix of both Link Cards and Virus Cards. In order to survive the onslaught, Faris is forced to capture some of their cards in retaliation. But each Virus Card she's tricked into taking puts her at even more of a disadvantage. Faris looks very unsettled by 4℃'s unpleasant smile. The laser attacks must really be getting to her as well. And finally, she makes a careless move that truly seems desperate. Disbelief spreads through the hall.
4℃: Hey hey hey! Looks like this fucking cat got scared of my elegant evil charisma aura, and lost her cool heart. Who would've thought the champion would make such an amateurish move?
UNSPOKEN: Amateurish? I was too busy searching for the Viral underlings in the audience to pay attention to the match, but this new turn of events causes me to look up to the monitor. Faris has moved one of her pieces to the other side of the board, the entrance to the Viral Attackers' server. But the Virals must have used their Virus Checker card, because Faris's card is face up. It's a Virus Card. Every card you send into the enemy Server is added to your total. Normally, you try to get Link Cards through, as that brings you closer to victory. However, you're not required to reveal any cards you successfully send into your enemy's Server. So although it hurts your point total, you technically can send Virus Cards into your enemy's Server. But for some strange reason, Faris is trying to send a revealed Virus Card into her enemy's server. Even if it gets through, she won't be fooling anyone. Moreover, Faris has already taken three Virus Cards. One more, and she'll lose. So she can't send that card through even if she wants to. So what exactly was she trying to accomplish? Is she really that distracted by the laser beam?
4℃: Allow this elegant evil storyteller, 4℃, to make a jet black proclamation. In just a few minutes, you'll be demoted to Former Champion! Hahahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Someone in the audience echoes 4℃'s vulgar laughter. So that's where his underlings are! I push my way through the audience in the direction of the laughter. The rest of the audience starts booing. I guess most RaiNetters really do hate the Virals. But Faris herself doesn't respond to 4℃'s taunts. She just bites her lip and closes her eyes. Come on! Just put on the sunglasses! This cute-things-only policy of hers is going to cost her the match. Or maybe... Maybe it's impossible to prevent Faris from losing. Maybe convergence will bring about the same result, just as Mayuri is doomed to die no matter what I change. The audience gasps. The Virals have snatched a Link Card from Faris. Now they have a total of two Link Cards. I can feel it. Faris is losing. But just then, I catch sight of a few guys dressed in all black. One of them is surreptitiously aiming a pen-shaped object at the stage. It's him! I grab his wrist.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Faris still doesn't respond. She hasn't said a word since the match started. But I got rid of the interference, so Faris should come up with a reversal any second now. I stare at her, praying for a miracle. And when I do, Faris once again turns her face away, as if trying to avoid something.
Rintaro: What!?
UNSPOKEN: Is it another laser!?
4℃: Hey, Champion. They say your eyes can see into a man's soul. They say you have the power to read minds, which makes you a cheater even my pure black evil heart can't abide.
UNSPOKEN: What? She does?
4℃: Basically, ya ain't human. You're an ugly angel. 'Cause you peek into the heart of any poor sap who talks to you. Everyone, beware! Keep your distance! Or this pussy will steal your every secret by reading your thoughts! And then she'll blackmail you. Hand over your money? Throw your RaiNet match? What will you demand next!?
UNSPOKEN: The audience begins to murmur. If Faris does have that kind of power, then it's no wonder she's so good at RaiNet. My chuunibyou imagination starts to run wild, but I try my best to keep it suppressed. If Faris really can see through lies, it would explain why she hated the laser beam attacks so much. It would also explain why her moves made so little sense this match.
Rintaro: Faris!
Faris: ...ctory
4℃: Ah? What was that?
Faris: ...I use Change Directory. Nya.
UNSPOKEN: Change Directory is a special type of card called a Terminal Card. Once per game, it allows you to switch the placement of two of your own pieces. Of course, you may also pretend to switch them. Additionally, if either of the two cards was exposed by Virus Checker, it gets flipped back face down. I get it! With Change Directory, she can switch out that Virus Card she placed near the enemy's Server! And just as expected, Faris exchanges the Virus Card with a card that 4℃ has surrounded with his cards. Or maybe she just pretended to. Either way, nobody knows which card is the Link Card and which is the Virus Card. Nobody except for Faris, that is. A pretty interesting ploy. But will it work? The Viral Attackers whisper to each other. Once they're finished, 4℃ returns to the Circuit Mat with a shit-eating grin on his face.
4℃: You can't touch my heartstrings with a boring move like that. Is this your huge reversal plan? Sorry, but I am the black peacock no woman can resist. The elegant evil New Generation of the RaiNetter realm. My cool black brain easily sees through your trick. No, that wasn't even a trick. That was a complete blunder, Champion.
UNSPOKEN: Without a moment's hesitation, 4℃ captures the piece Faris placed next to his server.
4℃: Heh! I still only have two Virus Cards. One card ain't enough to clip these jet black wings of mine. But if I take just one more Link Card, then it's the 'End of Grand Cross' for you! By the way, that card you're protecting way back in your territory... That's the card you used in the opening. The one you equipped with Line Boost and used to attack me, as if inviting me to take it. I said it before, but there's no way a scaredy-cat like you would send a Link Card out where it could be captured. In other words, Champion, according to my elegant evil skills of deduction, your last Link Card isn't the one you're guarding. It's one of the two you switched! Heh! So I don't even have to check. This black peacock's sexual eyes can already see my elegant victory. They can see the contents of your crazy cards! You exchanged one Virus and one Link. So all I've gotta do is take both, and victory belongs to us black noblemen.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: 4℃ slowly flips over the card he took from Faris. The entire audience waits for the card to be revealed... And then, displayed on the monitor--
Announcer: What!? Just when we all thought the card was a Link Card!
4℃: A V-v-virus Card!!?
Announcer: A HUGE! TURN! A! ROUUUUUUUUUUUUND!!
UNSPOKEN: She did it! She... really turned defeat into victory! It's like she knew exactly what was going to happen. She was in control of the battle all along. The audience goes wild. Their cheers shake the hall.
Announcer: We have our winner! Fariiiis NyaaanNyan! Two time undefeated champion! Congratulatioooons!
UNSPOKEN: As the hall rocks with the jubilation of the crown, Daru and I clasp hands and share in the excitement of Faris's victory. With the tournament over, I wait for Faris outside the hall. I sent Daru home already. I'll have to tell Faris about Mayuri soon, and I don't want him to hear it.
Faris: Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Faris runs up to me, paying no heed to the curious stares of the crowd. She's still in her maid clothes, and she's carrying two bouquets of flowers, which she received from her adoring fans.
Rintaro: Congratulations on your victory, Fa--
UNSPOKEN: Faris jumps at me before I can finish. She jumps into my arms, embracing me, and there's a warm feeling against my cheek. A k-kiss? Was that a kiss?
Faris: Thanks for everything, nyan!
UNSPOKEN: Faris smiles innocently. It's like her entire body is glowing with pure joy.
Rintaro: N-no... I can't have you thanking me like this. I need something else from you.
Faris: What's that, nya? You mean a kiss isn't enough, so you want to go on a date, nyan? Aww, Kyouma, you're so greedy, nyan. But you know, Faris doesn't mind, nya♪
UNSPOKEN: Faris puts on an impish smile.
Rintaro: I'm glad those earplugs I gave you did the trick. So get off, it's too hot.
UNSPOKEN: I forcefully pry Faris's body off me. Everyone is staring at us.
Faris: I'm sorry for doubting you, nya. It wouldn't have been such a close game if I just believed you to begin with, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris bashfully paws at her head. I take that paw of hers and leave the scene. We get to the overpass, and finally lose sight of all the tournament spectators.
Rintaro: Faris. Now you'll listen to what I have to say, right?
Faris: Nya?
Rintaro: I brought you sunglasses and earplugs. But I didn't come up with the idea.
Faris: Really, nya? Then who--
Rintaro: You did.
UNSPOKEN: Faris looks at me in confusion.
Rintaro: To be precise, the you two hours from now. The first time, you lost to the Viral Attackers' underhanded tactics. And then you asked me to use my time machine to stop them.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: This was a contract, so to speak. You almost remembered the D-Mail you sent to change the past, even though you should've forgotten. You said that you'd remember if you won the RaiNet tournament.
Faris: ???
Rintaro: Well? Do you remember? It's very important, so I need you to try.
Faris: Hm...
UNSPOKEN: Faris stares into my eyes, as if she's looking for something. Then she puts a finger against her lips in thought. Finally, she smiles.
Faris: Faris was probably pulling your tail, nya.
Rintaro: What?
Faris: That Faris was depressed she lost to the Virals, nya? So when she heard about the time machine, she wanted to use it to win, nya. Because if she didn't, she'd be too ashamed to see Papa, nya... I'm sure she just played along with Kyouma, and said she remembered... that's what I think, nya... That's probably what Faris would do, nya.
Rintaro: No way...
UNSPOKEN: Damn! I was a fool to trust this catgirl! I should've expected this from how she normally acts! I breathe a deep sigh and lean on the overpass's guardrail. So in the end, all that work was for nothing. I still need to fix the warped timeline, but I don't know the contents of Faris's D-Mail. Faris forgot it ever happened, and it isn't in her send history. What should I do?
Faris: Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: And suddenly, Faris whispers into my ear.
Faris: Look into Faris's eyes, nya.
Rintaro: What?
Faris: Just look, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris's face is right beside mine. Her breath tickles my ear. We're awfully close. Does she plan to kiss me on the lips this time? But her expression is uncharacteristically serious, so I gulp and do as I'm told. I turn to Faris and stare down into her eyes. Faris looks up at me too. If an outsider were to see us, they'd think we were a couple lost in our own world. This is the closest I've ever been to Faris. I'm captivated by the beauty of her features. Wow... her eyelashes are really long.
Faris: Nervous, nya?
Rintaro: O-of course not. I'm busy solving Fermat's Last Theorem in my head.
Faris: In other words, you're nervous, nya. The truth is, Faris has only one power, nya.
Rintaro: Your power? Do you mean...
Faris: It's a secret, but I'll make an exception for Kyouma. Truth is, Faris can read people's minds, nyan. I call my power Cheshire Break. Whatcha think, nya? Awesome, nyan?
Rintaro: ...I'm an exception? But the Virals knew about it too, didn't they?
Faris: I had no idea the cat was out of the bag, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I won't deny the existence of supernatural powers. After all, I have one of my own, called Reading Steiner.
Faris: Ever since I was small, I could tell what Papa's business partners were thinking from the looks on their faces, nya. It's more like intuition or a sixth sense, nya. Based on eye movements, facial expressions, and gestures, I can tell when someone's lying, nya.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: Of course, nya♪ Faris is an entertainer, nyan. It's my style to get into a tight spot on purpose so I can make a huge turnaround, nyan. Besides, if I wear sunglasses, I can't read my opponent's thoughts, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Is that why she didn't put them on?
Faris: It's because of this power that I knew you weren't lying.
Rintaro: But you wouldn't go along with me at all in the beginning, though.
Faris: You just rubbed my fur the wrong way, nya.
UNSPOKEN: It feels like she's tricking me again.
Faris: And I can tell you're not lying now either, nya. Faris used that 'D-Mail' thing to change the past, nya? I believe you, nya. I wish I could remember... but I'm sorry, nya. I can't remember, nyan...
Rintaro: I see...
UNSPOKEN: We've reached an impasse. I have no choice but to look for some other way.
Rintaro: ...?
UNSPOKEN: I suddenly feel intense stares on us. I realize that we're surrounded by people. Are they jealous Faris fans who think I'm her boyfriend!? I shudder at the thought, but I don't think that's the case. Then who are they? Moeka's Rounders!?
4℃: Yo.
UNSPOKEN: A man clad in black steps forward. Oh, it's the bald spot guy again. What does he want now? I realize that the men surrounding us are all dressed like 4℃. So are all of these guys Viral Attacker underlings? 4℃'s gaudy white teeth shine.
4℃: I've got a word with you, champion. Gaia whispered for me to register an objection.
Faris: An objection?
4℃: You damn pussy. The power to read the minds of your opponents? That's bullshit! I know you were cheating!
Rintaro: She wasn't cheating! You're the ones who were cheating!
Faris: Faris doesn't use underhanded tricks like you guys, nya.
4℃: The hell you say? I, the black nobleman, swear to the god of the elegant evil realm, that I never cheat! Though sometimes I do other things. Okay, you corrupt white Siamese cat? I ain't gonna accept that defeat. That last Change Directory was a fraud.
Rintaro: You don't have any proof.
4℃: Heh! You seem clueless, so I'll tell ya. If I say it's black, it's black. That's the truth of RaiNet.
UNSPOKEN: These guys came here to make completely false accusations. It doesn't look like they'll take no for an answer. And they've surrounded us so we can't escape.
4℃: By the way, your old man's some kind of big shot in Akihabara, isn't he? I bet he pulled strings so they'd let you win. That's what all the hip RaiNetters are saying, you know? You're such a scoundrel. Ya ain't got a bit of elegant evility. Ya ain't even a white Siamese cat. You're a fatass pig, crawling in the mud.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Jeers fly from the surrounding Virals. None of the onlookers approach. I guess they don't want to get involved. What a farce. How long do we have to listen to this?
Rintaro: Let's go, Faris.
Faris: Nya...?
UNSPOKEN: I grab Faris's wrist and force our way through the surrounding Virals. As we run from the place, I look back and see--
4℃: Hold it right there!
UNSPOKEN: 4℃ and his group are chasing after us. All we can do is run. A phone call? Now!?
Rintaro: Hello!?
Itaru: It's me.
Rintaro: What!? I'm! Busy! Now!
Itaru: You still at the hall?
Rintaro: No!
Itaru: You haven't seen Faris-tan, have you? Actually, everything's on fire--
Rintaro: On fire!? What is!?
Itaru: Her blogs and fan sites!
UNSPOKEN: Damn! The Viral Attackers must be flooding the net with false accusations. Those scumbags!
Rintaro: I'm hanging up!
UNSPOKEN: I press the End Call button and run even faster. There's no way I can pick up now! I ignore the call and run even faster.
Faris: Kyouma! Those guys! Are still tailing us, nyan!
Rintaro: Tch...!
UNSPOKEN: Keep running. Just keep running! While gasping for oxygen, I pull Faris by the hand and run faster. We zigzag through the streets of Akiba until we loop back to UPX. Faris's home is right next door. We should have gone there first.
Rintaro: Haah, haah, whew!
Faris: Haahaah, whew, whewww...
UNSPOKEN: My lungs are on fire. My legs are aching.
Faris: Kyouma! Look, nya!
Rintaro: What?
UNSPOKEN: Faris tugs at my sleeve, stopping me. I look at where she's pointing, and there I see... Several unsavory-looking young men clad in black leather loitering near the apartment building's entrance. Damn! They got here first!
Faris: We can't get in like this, nya...
Rintaro: Let's get out of here!
UNSPOKEN: We try to cut through Yodobashi and head to Showa-dori, but get caught en route.
Viral Attacker A: There they are!
Viral Attacker B: Text the location!
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Damn! How many of them are there!? All we can do is turn back. We won't make any progress if we keep running like this. We need to find somewhere we can rest. The lab. We can manage something if we escape there. We need to get there somehow. But there are Virals loitering around the lab. There's no way we can get past them.
Rintaro: Wheww, whew, haahaahaah...
UNSPOKEN: We end up seeking refuge in the ramen shop behind the lab. The ramen shop behind the lab. On another worldline, this was MayQueen+Nyan², where Faris and Mayuri worked as maids.
Faris: Why are we stopping here, nya? We need to run!
UNSPOKEN: MayQueen's second floor now seems to be the storehouse for the ramen shop downstairs. ...Actually, that might be the perfect place to hide. I take Faris's hand and run up the stairs. In the empty room are piles of what seem to be bags of flour. Faris and I hide behind one such pile. I just hope nobody saw us come in.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I take out my phone and open the compose mail screen. I send Daru an SOS. Faris and I are hiding above 'Ramen Tasaburou.' It's mostly empty with some sacks of wheat flour. Nothing that looks useful as a weapon, and nothing big enough to hide behind. The Viral Attackers are chasing us, and I don't think they can be reasoned with. Normally I'd have no trouble taking on all of them, but I can't use my full strength with Faris nearby. Call us a taxi, pronto. I send the email.
Rintaro: --whew
UNSPOKEN: It's hot as hell in here. The running has made me thirsty.
Rintaro: Haah, haah... If this were MayQueen, we'd have air conditioning, and I could get something to drink...
Faris: Nya?
Rintaro: Oh, nothing...
UNSPOKEN: I just said the first thing that came to mind, but Faris looks at me strangely.
Faris: How do you know the name of the maid cafe that was supposed to open here, nya?
Rintaro: Eh...?
Faris: Oh, I know. We opened up the homepage for a little bit to post maid recruiting information, nyan. Did you see it?
Rintaro: ...It was supposed to open?
Faris: Faris organyaized the cafe's plans and passed it through the conference. It was almost a done deal, nyan. But at the last moment, Papa put his paw down, and the plan died, nya. Papa's such a blockhead, nya... If he left the store to me, it would've been the best maid cafe in all of Japan, with mmhmm costumes and hnngtastic maids, nya. It would've even pulled customers to Akiba from all the way over in Ueno and Ikebukuro. It's such a waste, nya.
UNSPOKEN: The Akihabara I know catered to fans of games, anime, and moe culture. The current Akihabara is still the electric town of old. This used to be the maid cafe, MayQueen+Nyan². But now it's a ramen shop. And if I remember correctly, Faris wasn't this attached to RaiNet AccessBattlers on the previous worldline.
Rintaro: Faris... no, Akiha Rumiho.
Faris: Hanyan?
Rintaro: You're the Akiha daughter and heir, so you go to the Akihabara city development conferences too, right?
Faris: Nnya? I don't attend, nya.
Rintaro: You don't? But didn't you say that...
UNSPOKEN: Did she say that before the worldline changed?
Faris: Papa's the one who goes to the conferences, nya. Why would Faris have to go nya?
Rintaro: Then, why did you go to the conferences?
Faris: Like I said, I don't, nya.
UNSPOKEN: That's right. It makes no sense for a high school girl to participate in development conferences, much less be the mastermind behind the moefication of Akiba. Moe shops began to spring up around 2002, didn't they? Back then, Faris was still 9 years old! Could this be a clue to the contents of Faris's D-Mail?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: Yeah! By the way, we still haven't found an IBN 5100, nyan.
Rintaro: Has your dad ever sold any or given one away?
UNSPOKEN: On another worldline, Faris's dad donated the IBN 5100 to Yanabayashi Shrine. Or was it Faris who did that?
Faris: Never, nya. Papa loves all of the PCs he's collected, nya. He'd never get rid of one, nya.
UNSPOKEN: The why did he donate the IBN 5100?
Rintaro: Do you have any retro PCs, Faris?
Faris: I don't get Papa's hobby at all, nya. Faris likes cosplay and anime and cute things, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: The reason the moe shops disappeared was because Faris didn't participate in the city development conferences. I guess that's what the D-Mail was about.
Rintaro: Let's say you participated in city development ever since you were a child.
Faris: I'd put moe shops all over Akiba, nya. Just visit ComiMa and you'll see the wonder of otaku power, nya. I'm sure more people would visit Akiba then, nyan.
Rintaro: That aside, if you no longer wanted to participate after participating for all that time... How would you stop yourself in the past?
Faris: Is this some sorta psychological test, nya?
Rintaro: It's just a hypothetical question.
UNSPOKEN: Faris ponders this for a while.
Faris: Hm... a dramatic way would be purrfect.
Rintaro: What?
Faris: Like you see on TV, nya. Faris is weak to drama, nya. I probably got that from Papa, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Really?
Faris: For example, if Faris got kidnapped or--
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Faris falls silent. It's a dark room. I can't read her expression.
Faris: Kid...napped?
Rintaro: Faris?
UNSPOKEN: What's wrong? Faris suddenly clutches her head.
Faris: Ugh... My head hurts, nya... H-hey, Kyouma... Faris has been feeling funny since coming to this storehouse, nya... Even though I only came here once, back when I was a little kitten... It feels really... nyastalgic... Like I've been here... many times, nya...
UNSPOKEN: What does this mean? Is she messing with me again? No, this feels too real.
Faris: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: Her face lights up. And then she grabs my arm.
Faris: I... remember...
Rintaro: Remember what?
Faris: I remember, nya!
UNSPOKEN: The force of her declaration stifles my response.
Faris: MayQueen+Nyan²! Kyouma and Daru-nyan were regular customers, nya. And Mayushii worked here too, nya.
Rintaro: Really? You really remember that?
UNSPOKEN: Faris nods.
Faris: And how Kyouma and Daru talked about the time machine at the store, and how I asked to use it in return for helping find an IBN 5100. And how later, I convinced Kyouma and Daru-nyan it was weird to compare time to a river. And how I took the blood oath to become a lab mem.
UNSPOKEN: I'd almost forgotten those things myself.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Faris lets out a sigh. Her smile suddenly disappears. Don't tell me that's all she remembers? Or was she tricking me again?
Faris: I remember, but... you said you have to cancel it, nya?
Rintaro: Yes. I need to undo the changes made to the past by your D-Mail.
Faris: You can't, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris shakes her head violently and presses her body against me again. We're alone in this dim storehouse. I can feel her hot breath against my cheek. There's no one here to see us. We're safe. I feel myself getting excited by her proximity. No! I need to keep my cool!
Faris: You can't undo it, nya...
Rintaro: Please listen, Faris! Mayuri's life depends on it!
Faris: Eh... Mayushii's...?
Rintaro: If we don't return the worldline to normal... if I don't get that IBN 5100, then Mayuri will die. I know it sounds ridiculous, but it's the truth. So please. I need to send another D-Mail and cancel the one you--
Faris: The wish Faris made with her D-Mail...
UNSPOKEN: Faris cuts in, as if to silence me. Her eyes are wet, reflecting the dim light.
Faris: The wish Faris made... ...was to save Papa, who died ten years ago, nya.
Rintaro: --!?
UNSPOKEN: What...?
Faris: I exchanged the past where Papa died, for a past where he didn't die, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: You mean that kind-looking man, her father... died ten years ago? That's consistent with everything, now that I think about it. Faris really has remembered her D-Mail. Now that I know the result, all I have to do is send the cancellation D-Mail. But it's not so simple. I need to cancel the D-Mail that prevented her father's death ten years ago. Isn't that the same as killing him again?
Rintaro: !?
UNSPOKEN: I hear the door open and quickly cover Faris's mouth with my hand.
Viral Attacker A: Is Faris really hiding in here?
Viral Attacker B: Someone saw two people who looked like them go inside.
UNSPOKEN: Crap! Someone saw us!? We need to do something. If they call their friends, we're done for.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Shit, not now! The Virals react to the ringtone.
Viral Attacker A: Where are you!?
Viral Attacker B: So you were here, Faris.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Okabe! Can you hear me!? We called a taxi, but it'll take some time to get there.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu...
Rintaro: You exposed us to the pursuers. They're right in front of us!
Viral Attacker A: Hey, come out!
Viral Attacker B: There's no point in hiding!
Kurisu: I see. Then I'll lecture you on how to escape. You're in the same the place you were before, right?
UNSPOKEN: The men are approaching our hiding spot. But because the room is dark, it seems they can't tell where we are. I listen carefully to Kurisu's voice.
Kurisu: Scatter the flour and make a break for it. OK?
UNSPOKEN: Scatter the flour?
Kurisu: Then switch on the light.
UNSPOKEN: Now I get it.
Rintaro: Roger. Over and out.
UNSPOKEN: Then, I see the light reflect off of something. One of the men has a butterfly knife. He opens the blade with a flourish.
Faris: !?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly rip open a nearby wheat flour sack and toss its contents into the air. The scattered white powder shines in the sunlight through the window.
Viral Attacker A: What the hell!?
Viral Attacker B: I can't see! Cough cough!
UNSPOKEN: Slipping past the disoriented men, I carry Faris towards the exit. Right next to the exit, I see the light switch. I push Faris out first, then flip the switch right before shutting the door. Right as we get out-- A sound like firecrackers resounds from the other side of the door. A dust explosion. I've seen this same trick used by guys like MacDyver and Master Cheaton. That should distract them long enough for us to escape!
Faris: Khohkhoh, khohkhohkhoh!
UNSPOKEN: Faris coughs, shaking wheat flour off of her clothes and hair. But there's no time to spare. The taxi still isn't here. But it's not like we can wait for it. We need to leave here now! I press the End Call button and shove the phone into my pocket. But it's too late. They already heard it.
Viral Attacker A: Hey, we found you!
Viral Attacker B: Hehhehhe! You can't escape!
UNSPOKEN: With brass knuckles in hand, one of the men starts grinning, baring his canines. We're suddenly driven to the wall. Dammit! Is this the end!? It's over. We're done for.
Faris: Oh no! 4℃ got run over by a car, nya!
UNSPOKEN: Faris shouts and points to the window.
Viral Attacker A: Wh-what!? 4℃-san!?
UNSPOKEN: Faris rushes recklessly at the bewildered men-- Or so I thought, but she actually just slips between them. I follow. We race down the stairs at a breakneck pace.
Rintaro: Nice feint, Faris!
UNSPOKEN: However...
Viral Attacker C: You're not getting away!
Viral Attacker D: Get them!
UNSPOKEN: Crap! We were headed for the lab, but got ambushed.
Faris: Oh no...
UNSPOKEN: Soon, Faris and I are surrounded by men with the fires of hatred burning in their eyes.
4℃: Yo! We got you now.
UNSPOKEN: The crowd parts down the middle, and 4℃ steps forward, wearing a hat.
4℃: I'll tell ya one thing. You can't escape my totally bad black aura.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: No... my right hand... my right haaaaand! Please, stop! I don't want to kill any moooore!
4℃: Hey, what the hell is he doing?
UNSPOKEN: Something strikes the top of my head. One of the Virals threw a can at me.
Viral Attacker C: Don't let him trick you! He's just a textbook chuunibyou case!
Rintaro: Yeah, like you guys can talk.
Viral Attacker D: Whatever! Just kick his ass!
Rintaro: Very well... then prepare yourselves! Releasing restriction si--
UNSPOKEN: Before I can finish, 4℃ kicks me in the solar plexus.
Rintaro: Gweh...
Faris: Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: He grabs the top of my head and knees me repeatedly. Finally, he lets go of my hair. I start coughing as soon as I hit the ground. Next, 4℃ lays into me with heavy kicks to the head and body. I raise my arms to protect my face.
4℃: Heh! I told you, man! The coldest ice burns!
Rintaro: That's frostbite, you idiot--
4℃: Why you!
UNSPOKEN: He starts stomping on me with his booted heels.
Faris: Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: All I can feel is pain. I abandon all thought and wait for the storm to pass.
Faris: Stop it, nya! Don't hurt Kyouma any more!
4℃: Don't tell me what to do! I only listen to the whispers of Gaia!
UNSPOKEN: 4℃ grabs my thumb in both hands. Then, he starts to twist.
Faris: Stop it! Someone, help!
UNSPOKEN: I hear a sound. A car's exhaust. The honking of a horn. A limousine barrels into the alleyway at terrific speed. Everyone screams and scatters to avoid it. The smell of burnt rubber. Tire tracks on the asphalt. The limousine stops right in front my fallen body. The back door opens.
Faris’s Dad: Get inside!
Faris: P-Papa!
UNSPOKEN: But I can't even stand up. There's no strength in my body left. My vision's blurry, too. Slender arms wrap around my body, pulling me towards the car. The soft scent of citrus tickles my nose.
Faris: Hang in there, nya!
UNSPOKEN: I let her help me into the limousine.
4℃: W-wait! You're not getting away!
UNSPOKEN: The door shuts, cutting off his shouting. The car speeds off like a bullet. There's a softness under my head. We're inside the limousine. My head is resting on Faris's lap. Every inch of my body feels like it's on fire. And at the same time, there's a terrible cold in my bones. I can barely hear. My ears are ringing. The urge to vomit has receded, at least. They really messed me up. According to Faris's dad, he was racing to UPX to congratulate Faris when he saw us. A fortunate coincidence, indeed. Is this also the choice of Steins Gate?
Faris’s Dad: I really need to thank you, Okabe-kun. Thank you for protecting my daughter.
Rintaro: P-protecting...?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I wasn't able to do anything against those guys. I was pathetic...
Faris’s Dad: Absolutely not. You saved my daughter's life.
UNSPOKEN: He shakes my hand firmly in gratitude.
Faris: Oh, Papa... I thought I told you not to push yourself since you've got important work to do. You should listen to me, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris looks happy as she says that. However... I recall what Faris told me in the ramen shop.
Faris: The wish Faris made... ...was to save Papa, who died ten years ago, nya.
UNSPOKEN: If that's true, then to return to the original worldline, I have to erase her father. To kill him, essentially.
Faris’s Dad: I always keep my promises to you, Rumiho. I made that decision long ago.
Faris: Papa... thank you, nya.
UNSPOKEN: The limousine soon reaches Faris's home.
Faris’s Dad: So you're looking for an IBN 5100?
Rintaro: That's right. I heard you were an enthusiastic retro PC collector. Do you know anything about it?
UNSPOKEN: I end up eating dinner at Faris's apartment. Faris's father was extremely grateful to me and invited me up. I would've been okay with just borrowing the shower, but he even prepared a change of clothes for me. And he even told me I could stay since it's still too dangerous to go outside. During the meal, I try asking about the IBN 5100, ignoring the pain I still feel throughout my body.
Faris’s Dad: It's quite unusual for a man your age to know about the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: He smiles when I bring up his hobby of collecting old PCs.
Faris’s Dad: I did have one. I gave it away, though.
Rintaro: You... gave it away?
Faris’s Dad: Yes. I had a compelling reason.
UNSPOKEN: He glances at his daughter. Faris keeps eating her meal silently.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: No? All the strength drains from my body. Were my efforts for nothing?
Faris’s Dad: I don't think Hashida-san, who entrusted the IBN 5100 to me, could ever forgive me for what I did...
Rintaro: Hashida? As in Hashida Suzu?
UNSPOKEN: Faris's dad nods. Suzuha's pseudonym. My pulse rises instantly upon hearing that name. She did it. She found an IBN 5100. She brought it to Akiba. She completed her mission. Tears well up in my eyes. I bite them back.
Faris’s Dad: This is an old story... a story from before my company got as big as it is. Rumiho was kidnapped. The kidnapper demanded an unthinkable ransom. Maybe I should have mortgaged the company instead. But at that moment, someone appeared, like a godsend, offering a large sum of money to buy my IBN 5100. I sold it, which gave me enough to prepare Rumiho's ransom.
Faris: Let's not talk about that, nya...
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Faris's face turns red with embarrassment. If I had to say, her dad seems really happy to tell this story. Not something you'd expect from a kidnapping story.
Rintaro: So who was the buyer?
Faris’s Dad: Hmm, a French businessman, I believe. I think I still have his contact information. Would you like it?
UNSPOKEN: I politely decline the offer. There's no way the IBN 5100 will arrive from France in time. And I doubt we could afford to pay for it anyway. Plus, there's a high possibility the buyer is related to SERN, or to the Rounders. I clench my fist, then open it again. Why won't you return to me, IBN 5100!? It's well past midnight, and I'm still awake. My body hurts too much to sleep. And then there's the question eating at my mind. What should I do? How can I cancel the D-Mail that saved Faris's father? My encounter with the man himself has given birth to unnecessary internal conflict. I'm about to steal Faris's father away from her. I need to do it to save Mayuri. But does that give me the right to play God? I hear a knock, and then the door opens.
Faris: Kyouma?
Rintaro: Oh, Faris. Still awake?
Faris: May I come in?
UNSPOKEN: Hm? Normally, Faris would have added nya to the end of that question. Without waiting for my answer, Faris steps inside. Then she sits next to me on the bed. She's not wearing her cat ears.
Faris: ...Um. Thanks for earlier. When the Viral gang started chasing me, I was really scared.
UNSPOKEN: Does she have a fever or something? Why is she talking normally? She usually pretends to be a catgirl. Does this mean she's not using her Faris persona right now? Is this the real Akiha Rumiho?  It's actually refreshing to hear Faris talk normally like this. It excites me for some reason. Like she's showing me a side of herself that no one has ever seen.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Those guys were obsessed with black.
UNSPOKEN: She slaps me on the knee lightly.
Faris: Come on. I'm trying to be serious.
UNSPOKEN: Wh-what? Even her retort is normal. The person sitting in front of me isn't a cat-eared maid, and she isn't the RaiNet Champion. She's just a normal girl...
Faris: Does it still hurt?
Rintaro: No, I'm fine.
Faris: Kyouma... I mean, Okabe-san. I don't know what would've happened if you hadn't been there. I shiver just thinking about it.
Rintaro: Don't correct yourself like that. Just call me what you usually do.
UNSPOKEN: Faris sighs.
Faris: Anyway, Kyouma, I can't thank you enough. Thank you, honestly... You know, Kyouma... You're my prince.
UNSPOKEN: Prince? What's with the fairy tale talk? She's giving me goosebumps. T-this calls for Hououin Kyouma!
Rintaro: I am not a prince! I am an insane mad scientist and--
UNSPOKEN: Before I finish, Faris throws herself on top of me.
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: She wraps her arms around me tightly.
Rintaro: F-Faris...?
Faris: I want you to call me Rumiho.
Rintaro: No, Faris is Faris, remember?
UNSPOKEN: T-this is bad. What should I do!? What does Faris want!?
Faris: Hey... I think it's time to end this. You went back in time, and risked your life to save me. So, I want to grant your wish too.
Rintaro: But...
UNSPOKEN: I swallow the rest of my words. Granting my wish would mean erasing her father's existence. My heart aches. It was like this with Suzuha, too. I erased everything that Suzuha had shared with us in 2010, including her memories of meeting her father. I did it for the sake of my personal goal, to save Mayuri. Must I once again sacrifice someone else's dream?
Faris: It was on my eighth birthday.
UNSPOKEN: Still clinging to me, Faris looks down and begins her story.
Faris: I wanted Papa to take a break from work so he could spend time with me. Papa's company wasn't as big back then, so he worked every day, from morning to night. I never got to see him. The present I wanted most was for him to spend one whole day with me. And Papa promised. He promised he'd spend the entire day with me, no matter what. But... Something came up, and he had to break his promise the day before. I was so afraid that Papa didn't really love me. So on my birthday, I ran away from home. I wanted to make Papa worry.
UNSPOKEN: Faris pauses here for a time. Then she looks up at me and continues with tears in her eyes.
Faris: ...The plane Papa was on made a bad landing. Only one person died in the accident. Everyone else was unharmed.
UNSPOKEN: Don't tell me...
Faris: The one casualty... was Papa...
UNSPOKEN: That was before the worldline changed.
Faris: I couldn't believe the world would be so cruel to me. 'I hate you, Papa! You should just die!' Those were the last words I ever said to him. ...And that's how our relationship ended, forever.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: I loved him... so why? Why did I say those things to him? I always felt guilty because of what I said. I always wished I could go back in time... change what happened.
UNSPOKEN: Then... did fate guide us to each other?
Faris: When I heard you talking about your time machine, I thought I was being given a chance.
Rintaro: Faris... Rumiho. That's enough for today. You don't have to say anything more.
Faris: No. Let me finish.
UNSPOKEN: Faris doesn't let go of me. She sniffles and wipes away her tears, putting on a smile.
Faris: I'm okay now. Papa came to save me... so I know how much he really loves me. I really enjoyed having this time to spend with him. It was like a gift to us from heaven. But now you need to change things back to the way they were.
Rintaro: But...
Faris: Mayushii's a very important friend to me. If Mayushii's in danger, I'll do anything to save her.
Rintaro: ...I'm sorry.
Faris: Weren't you listening? This current reality isn't reality at all, but rather, a gift to my father and me. Or maybe I should call it a dream. Papa doesn't belong in this time. You're just turning things back to normal. Thank you for letting me have this dream, Kyouma.
Rintaro: Are you... really okay with that?
UNSPOKEN: Faris buries her face into my chest.
Faris: A-actually... I'm not okay at all... I remember how things were before the world changed... But I also remember how everything was after the world changed, you know? I'm actually kind of freaking out right now. What happened before the change and after the change are all mixed up inside me. I don't know which one is real anymore. But if I try to fight it, it'll just make you sad, won't it? I don't want to make you sad. You are my prince, after all.
Rintaro: We can do something! There might be a world where you don't lose your dad and Mayuri doesn't die! If we try--
Faris: It's okay. I've accepted it. I don't want to run away anymore.
UNSPOKEN: There's nothing I can say to that. So instead, I tightly embrace her slender body.
Rintaro: ...Thank you.
Faris: Hey, is it okay if I cry a little? Before we change things back, is it okay... if I cry for Papa?
UNSPOKEN: She's already crying... but I don't say anything. Instead, I silently nod. Faris's body trembles with emotion as I hold her. Her father is sleeping in the room next door, so she probably doesn't want him to hear. She cries into my chest, muffling her sobs. It's almost noon. I feel dizzy. It's like my brain is rusty. My whole body is heavy with fatigue. The pain from my wounds has subsided, thankfully, but in the end, I couldn't sleep a wink. I promised Faris that we'd commence the operation at noon. Until then, we wait at Faris's apartment. I've already contacted Daru and the others back at the lab. I told them we'd be performing an experiment today.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Faris...
UNSPOKEN: I can see the traces of tears on her face. The sight makes my heart ache.
Faris: I'll go say my last goodbyes to Papa now, nyan.
UNSPOKEN: Oh? Her usual speaking habits returned the second she donned her cat ears. What a nifty piece of equipment.
Faris: Let me be alone with Papa for a while, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should say Wait. Maybe I should say Sorry. But I say nothing to Faris's back as she heads to her father's study. By the time Faris finishes her farewells with her father and comes out of the study, the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s settings are already complete. I contact Daru at the lab and make sure the Braun Tube Workshop's 42-inch CRT is turned on. Now all we have to do is send the D-Mail. But I hesitate. Instead of meeting Faris's eyes, I look down at my feet. Eternal separation from her father... I wonder what Faris is thinking now.
Faris: Don't be like that, Kyouma. You've done nothing wrong, nyan.
Rintaro: But...
Faris: NyanNyan♪ No more talking, nyan!
Rintaro: ...Okay.
UNSPOKEN: I can't stay sad when Faris is trying to cheer me up. I steel myself for what I need to do. Yesterday, just before she left the room, Faris told me the contents of the first D-Mail she sent. 100 mil for your kid. Take the train That mail stopped her father from getting on the airplane. As a result, he didn't die. But that wasn't the only effect it had on the timeline. Her father needed to sell the IBN 5100 to prepare the hundred million yen ransom. As a result, Faris never donated the IBN 5100 to Yanabayashi Shrine. With her father alive, Faris didn't participate in Akihabara's city development conferences. Otaku-oriented businesses never took root in Akiba. MayQueen+Nyan² never opened. Faris wasn't as busy, which allowed her to join the RaiNet tournament circuit. In other words, this worldline's Faris has a normal life. On the worldline I came from, Faris was not only a student, but also the heir to her father's company, an influential member of the Akihabara development board, and a part-time maid waitress. Which life is better for her? Which will give her greater happiness? That's not my decision. It's hers. And her decision is to return to the way things were. I'm just here to help her wake up from this dream. Faris has already entered the cancellation D-Mail. JK on ransom I luv u papa See you soon These are Faris's true last words to her father.
Faris: Um... when we change things back, will my memories of this world disappear, nya?
Rintaro: ...Of course not. You'll remember. You have memories from both worlds right now, don't you?
Faris: Is that why you were so desperate to help Faris, nya?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I feel my cheeks get warm, so I hang my head to hide my face.
Faris: Faris... Doesn't want to forget her time with Kyouma, nya.
Rintaro: ...Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: I take Faris's phone. I'm sorry, Faris. I lied to you. When we change things back to the way they were, your memories of this worldline will almost certainly disappear. Perhaps another miracle will happen, and you'll regain your memories of this worldline, too. But I can't be sure. There are no guarantees. And so, I will engrave these memories onto my heart. The memory of Faris, the RaiNet Champion. The memory of her father, who gave thanks to a stranger like me for protecting his daughter. I will carry them for you. Always.
Faris: Bye bye... Papa.
UNSPOKEN: It must be done. For Mayuri's sake. I must erase Faris's memories just as I did Suzuha's. There's... no other way. I give Faris back her phone.
Faris: Kyouma...?
UNSPOKEN: No.
Rintaro: I won't let this dream end yet.
UNSPOKEN: Don't jump to conclusions. We should explore other methods. After all, her father's life hangs in the balance.
Rintaro: Let's try another way. I... can't kill your dad.
Faris: Kyouma... I'm sorry, nya. Faris led you astray, nya.
Rintaro: No, it's okay. This is my decision.
UNSPOKEN: I don't have what it takes to be a god. That burden is too much for me to bear. My head spins. I feel faint. Slowly, the world reasserts itself. I have teleported to the lab development room. Faris is standing next to me. Reading Steiner is telling me that the worldline has changed. Additionally, the injuries the Viral Attackers inflicted on my body have vanished. So has the pain. Faris is standing in the center of the room, looking around. The tears that were in her eyes just a moment ago are gone.
Faris: Kyouma? Do you know where Faris's phone went, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Just a moment ago, Faris was fighting to hold back her tears. But that Faris is no more. In her place is the usual cute, cheerful Faris, with an impish smile on her face. I look at the phone in my hand. It's not my phone, but one with several cute, girly cat doll phone straps attached.
Rintaro: Here's your phone.
Faris: Nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris walks up to me with a teasing smile on her face. She pokes at my fingers with her index finger.
Faris: Kyouma... did you see what was inside, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris gently takes her phone from my hand.
Faris: If you did see it, then please forget about it, nya. Can't let that cat out of the bag, nya. Or else they will awaken, nya... Come on, Kyouma! You're supposed to say something, nya! Like 'who the hell are they!?' or something, nya!
Rintaro: ...I'm sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Before we sent the D-Mail, Faris said she didn't want to forget. And I lied that she would surely remember.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I embrace Faris suddenly, pulling her to me as tightly as I can.
Rintaro: I'm sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Faris remembers nothing. Nothing about her victory at the RaiNet tournament. Nothing about our escape from the Viral Attackers. Nothing about her father riding up in his limousine to save her. Nothing about how we talked alone in her bedroom. Nothing. She remembers nothing. Everything that happened on that worldline was undone. What happens to that worldline, I don't know. Maybe, like Suzuha said, it still exists as another possible worldline. Or maybe it ceased to exist the moment I sent the D-Mail. You'd have to be a god to observe each and every worldline, so it's pointless to worry about it. But one thing is clear. I can never return to that worldline again. Faris can never see her father again.
Faris: Kyouma? T-this is really bold of you, nya... Mayushii's in the next room. She'll find out, you know? Nyahaha...
Rintaro: I'm sorry...
UNSPOKEN: The only thing I can do is apologize. On this worldline, Mayuri invited Faris to come hang out at the lab. Apparently, she came to see a costume Mayuri had made. Faris has work after this, so she soon leaves the lab. After seeing Faris off, I head towards Yanabayashi Shrine. On the way, I stop at Chuo-dori and take a look around.
Rintaro: They're back...
UNSPOKEN: The moe stores exist again. Animate, Toranoana, Mandarake, Gamers, Lammtarra, Melon Books, Asobit City... They've all returned to the streets of Akiba. There's a gigantic anime-themed banner hanging from the Sofmap building. Maids walk the street, handing out leaflets. Cosplaying girls advertise in storefronts. But the return of this familiar scenery brings no relief to my heart. There is only pain, for everything I see confirms that Faris has lost her father. But I can't stop here. I shake my head and hurry to the shrine. On the way, I notice that the satellite is missing from Radi-Kan's rooftop. Of course it is. Suzuha is gone. The thought brings a new pang of grief to my heart. Before this is over, how much more pain will I shoulder? I pass beneath the archway and enter the silent courtyard. I walk up to the main building and jab the intercom. After a few presses, I get a reply.
Luka: Yes, who is... ah, Okabe-san.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako comes out. Girly as always, even though he's a guy. No, wait. This Lukako is a genuine girl.
Rintaro: Lukako, someone should have donated an old computer to the shrine several years ago. Can you ask your dad about it for me?
Luka: An... old computer?
UNSPOKEN: Hm? I think Lukako went pale when I mentioned the computer. She lowers her face immediately, so I can't be certain.
Luka: Um, I'll go call my dad.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I rush the greeting and get down to business.
Rintaro: If I'm not mistaken, there was an old computer donated to this shrine about ten years ago. Do you know about it?
Luka’s Father: An old computer... why, yes, I do remember that.
Rintaro: Really!?
UNSPOKEN: Yes! Finally, I've returned to the worldline with the IBN 5100!
Rintaro: Please, I need to see it!
Luka’s Father: Sure. Please wait here.
UNSPOKEN: Luka's dad heads inside the sanctuary in the back. Lukako has been silent this whole time. She keeps touching her hair and looking around nervously. Something is definitely wrong with her.
Rintaro: Are you afraid of me, Lukako?
Luka: Eh?
Rintaro: I understand. I mean, I uh... touched your, uh, naughty bits, I guess...
UNSPOKEN: Crap, I just made things more awkward! I didn't have to say it like that!
Luka: I'm not... afraid of you, Okabe-san... That was really... embarrassing, though...
Rintaro: Sorry.
Luka: Okay...
Rintaro: By the way, do you know about the IBN 5100?
Luka: N-no!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako shakes her head in an unnatural way.
Luka: I've... never heard of it.
Rintaro: But when I called you before, it sounded like you knew about it.
Luka: No, I...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is looking more and more uncomfortable. Maybe I'm pushing her too hard. I should back off. I did a terrible thing to this girl. So it might be best if I stop treating her as my disciple. I need to treat her like a lady from now on. If I don't, I could get sued for sexual harassment or charged with attempted rape or indecency or something. But how exactly do I treat her like a lady anyway? I just treat everyone the same, pretty much.
Rintaro: So, uh... you're not gonna wear the costume Mayuri made?
Luka: Oh... no...
Rintaro: Because it's embarrassing?
Luka: Yes...
UNSPOKEN: Why is this girl so lacking in confidence? I guess she can't help it if it's in her nature. But didn't she say her reason for becoming a girl was to gain confidence in the first place? And yet, she's a girl now, but she still seems the same inside.
Luka’s Father: That's strange...
UNSPOKEN: Luka's dad returns. His timing is good. My conversation with Lukako wasn't going anywhere.
Rintaro: Did you find it?
UNSPOKEN: I try asking just in case, but he looks confused. Obviously something unexpected has happened.
Luka’s Father: Well... I couldn't find it.
Rintaro: You couldn't find it?
Luka’s Father: I remember receiving an old computer, but it's not in the storehouse anymore.
UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100 isn't here? I press my hands to my temples and stifle a groan. The worldline is still twisted. The IBN 5100 is like a mirage floating in front of me. I can see it but never reach it.
Rintaro: ...Pardon my asking, but the PC was donated by Akiha Rumiho-san, correct?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: We're friends.
Luka’s Father: Rumiho-chan has grown up to be a splendid young lady, hasn't she? It was when she was still in elementary school. She came to visit with her butler, Kuroki-san. But why did that computer disappear? I thought someone might have stolen it, but everything else is untouched, and the lock wasn't broken.
UNSPOKEN: This contradicts Lukako's statement. Lukako said she didn't know about the IBN 5100.
Luka’s Father: Luka, do you know anything about it? You've been cleaning the sanctuary the past few years, haven't you?
UNSPOKEN: Once again, Lukako hangs her head, almost shaking with fear. Her hands are trembling.
Rintaro: Lukako, what's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: I try asking again. But she doesn't raise her head.
Luka: ...I don't know anything.
UNSPOKEN: The look on her face betrays her. Lukako is lying. But why? Remember. She shouldn't even know about the IBN 5100. Why does she know? Because the worldline changed. There's no other answer. Her D-Mail must be the cause. In Faris's case, I didn't know what her D-Mail was about. But in Lukako's case, I already know what it is. I want to be a girl. The D-Mail must have had influence beyond Lukako's sex. The Butterfly Effect. It somehow changed the location of the IBN 5100. It was like that with Suzuha, and with Faris. I can't help but think that the universe itself is keeping the IBN 5100 away from me. At any rate, when Lukako sent her D-Mail, Reading Steiner activated. Meaning the D-Mail changed the worldline. If the IBN 5100 won't return to me on this worldline, then my next step is to cancel Lukako's D-Mail. In other words, I need to turn Lukako back into a guy. Suddenly, I feel dizzy. It's not heatstroke, and it's not Reading Steiner. How am I going to explain this to Lukako herself? Just the other day, when I called Lukako a guy, she cried. Then Kurisu and Mayuri ganged up on me. Can I get Lukako to go back to being a guy without stirring up trouble? This is going to be tough. Maybe I should consult someone about this. At first, I consider consulting Kurisu, but I don't think I should talk to a girl this time. Let's think a little... I visit Tennouji's house. The divergence meter is here. I need to know what it says. Canceling Faris's D-Mail appears to have raised the value by about 0. 05%. Little by little, I'm approaching the goal of 1% divergence. The number gives me courage. Afterwards, Tennouji recounts his memories of Hashida Suzu, just as he did on a previous worldline. I stay until he's finished. It's past 6 PM when I get back to the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: There are two girls in the lab -- Mayuri and Kurisu.
Rintaro: Who is this 'Karin'?
Mayuri: Well, 'welcome back' flows so well into 'Okarin,' doesn't it? When you put them together, it's doubly delicious.
Rintaro: It's not delicious.
Mayuri: It's a greeting I can only use for Okarin, so why not? Ehehe!
Rintaro: Where's Daru?
Mayuri: Hmm, probably at MayQueen?
Rintaro: MayQueen...
UNSPOKEN: So that's back too.
Rintaro: So when Faris said she had work, she meant at MayQueen... What about you, Mayuri? You work there too, don't you?
Mayuri: 'Course I do! You know that, Okarin. You're so weird! Mayushii's taking a break to prepare for ComiMa tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: The timeline has been corrected, it seems. At least in part. I should stop by MayQueen when I have time. I'll visit sometime when Mayuri and Faris are working. I didn't realize it until it was gone, but I think I really like that maid cafe. Kurisu's reading a western book. It's the same book as always. It's pretty hefty, so it must take a long time to read. I walk past her and enter the development room. There sits the Time Leap Machine. Today is Saturday, the 14th of August. The first time Mayuri died, it happened on Friday the 13th. After Suzuha's sacrifice changed the worldline, Mayuri died on the 14th instead. Her death was delayed 24 hours exactly. If that pattern continues, her death on this worldline should occur tomorrow, the 15th. Just to be safe, I should buy a few days with the Time Leap Machine. I'll need time to solve the Lukako problem. I should time leap right away. Just before entering the lab, I peeked into the Braun Tube Workshop. The 42-inch CRT was on, so there's no problem there. Still... Will Mayuri really die on the 15th? I don't have solid proof. Maybe there is no pattern, and it's just in my head. Maybe Mayuri dies today. Maybe she dies tomorrow. What I want more than anything is for that never to happen. What happens to Mayuri on this worldline? I mustn't let my guard down. Not until the IBN 5100 is back in my possession. At the same time, however, I want to know what happens to Mayuri on this worldline. There's still a chance, however small, that she won't die. No, don't hesitate! Hesitation could lead to an irreparable mistake. I don't want to see Mayuri die again. To see the light fade from her eyes. It's too painful. So I won't confirm Mayuri's death. I don't want to. All I can do is assume the worst. Retrieving the IBN 5100 is the only sure way to prevent her death. I must not rest until then. I need to time leap now.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: By the time Kurisu starts talking, the discharge phenomenon has already started. An unpleasant sound pierces my ears. My vision ripples. My flesh and my soul momentarily feel separate. I grab my right wrist. I close my eyes, take deep breaths, and wait for my pulse to return to normal. I took two time leaps, traveling a total of 57 hours into the past.
Rintaro: Whew...
UNSPOKEN: The worst is over. All that's left is a headache. I need to cancel Lukako's D-Mail on this worldline. I sit down in a pipe chair and try to come up with a plan. ...I can always time leap later. I put away my phone and take a deep breath. I don't want to sacrifice anyone else. I know it's unreasonable, but I want to hope that nothing will happen on this worldline. A foolish dream, perhaps... but still. Nothing happens on the 14th. Moeka's group doesn't appear at the lab, and Mayuri doesn't get involved in any accidents. So far, so good. The problem is tomorrow. The time is 7:30 PM. My preparations are complete. The Time Leap Machine is set, Moad Snake is primed, and the remote control for the TV downstairs is ready. It's all second nature to me now. ComiMa started today, so Mayuri's been in Ariake since this morning. I told Daru not to come to the lab today, but to keep an eye on Mayuri instead. So even if Moeka's group shows up here, they have a low chance of killing Mayuri. Will the Rounders come on this worldline? We'll soon find out. 7:35. The door isn't kicked open. Instead... My phone rings. It's Daru.
Rintaro: Hello? Daru?
Itaru: Haa, ugh, gh, haah...
UNSPOKEN: Something's wrong.
Rintaro: Hey, what happened!? Daru!?
Itaru: I'm sor... some guys... came out of nowhere... they took Mayu-shi... I think... they wanted... me... I... ran... but Mayu-shi... What do I do, Okarin!?
UNSPOKEN: It's the Rounders. They kidnapped her. And then they probably killed her. To them, Mayuri is expendable. I grind my teeth in frustration. It didn't work. I still haven't averted Mayuri's death. I toss Moad Snake onto the couch. The preparations were a waste. Mayuri died somewhere else. I hang up and walk to the development room.
Rintaro: I won't let you kill Mayuri!
UNSPOKEN: And so, once more, I send my memories to the past. An unpleasant sound pierces my ears. My vision ripples. My flesh and my soul momentarily feel separate. I grab my right wrist. I close my eyes, take deep breaths, and wait for my pulse to return to normal.
Rintaro: Whew...
UNSPOKEN: The worst is over. All that's left is a headache. Now I have my answer. Mayuri's death is still fixed, just as in my heart I knew it would be. The change merely delayed it by another 24 hours. I need to cancel Lukako's D-Mail. I sit down in a pipe chair and try to come up with a plan. Nothing. I've been searching for a way to tell Lukako the truth, but every mental simulation I run ends with her in tears. I suppose that's to be expected. After all, I've already seen it happen once. I mistook Lukako for a guy, and she ended up in tears. I mean, Lukako cries at just about anything... To broach the topic now would be like poking an open wound. Damn. It looks like I have no choice but to ask Kurisu. She's a girl, so she should understand how Lukako feels. I call Kurisu out to the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop. We're alone.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Yes. I have a difficult problem that requires... delicacy to resolve.
Kurisu: Delicacy? That's like the exact opposite of what anyone expects from you.
Rintaro: That's why I want to ask a girl. Plus, you're my assistant, so I need you to save my ass this instant.
Kurisu: Oh, you. Why do you need to ask a girl anyway?
UNSPOKEN: I give her the rundown -- including how many times I've time leaped, and what happened with Suzuha and Faris. How many times have I explained this to her now? This time, she believes me more readily than I expected. The only thing she doesn't believe is the story about Lukako.
Kurisu: Urushibara-san is actually a guy? That's totally ridiculous.
Rintaro: But it's the truth. Was the truth.
Kurisu: So basically, umm...
UNSPOKEN: She wrinkles her brow in thought.
Kurisu: She looked like Hashida?
UNSPOKEN: Crap, I got a mental image there for a second. Judging by her expression, so did Kurisu.
Rintaro & Kurisu: Ugh.
UNSPOKEN: We grimace.
Kurisu: Unacceptable! There's no way such a cute girl was a guy.
Rintaro: Hey, hold your horses. I never said that Lukako looked like a guy. He actually looked pretty much the same. He was always androgynous, so much you couldn't help but think he was secreting excess female hormones or something.
UNSPOKEN: As a result, I didn't even notice when Lukako became a girl at first, and made a fatal mistake.
Kurisu: He looked like she does now?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's gaze wanders for bit...
Kurisu: Acceptable.
UNSPOKEN: What?
Kurisu: Anyway. You want to turn her back into a guy?
Rintaro: Unless we do, Mayuri dies.
Kurisu: Mayuri's life is tied to Urushibara-san's gender... That's so crazy it doesn't seem real at all. Have you come up with a solution?
Rintaro: Of course. I'll have Lukako turn back into a guy.
Kurisu: I don't know if she's going to appreciate that.
Rintaro: That's why I'm consulting you, so I can find a way to do this while hurting her the least.
UNSPOKEN: I take a mouthful of Dr P in a vain attempt to quiet my frustration.
Rintaro: ...If only I hadn't been so careless. I shouldn't have let so many people send D-Mails.
UNSPOKEN: This is my punishment. I must shoulder the pain of everyone who used a D-Mail -- Suzuha, Faris, and now Lukako.
Kurisu: Regret won't change anything. There's only one piece of advice I can give.
UNSPOKEN: Christina sighs, blowing her bangs.
Kurisu: Don't say anything to Urushibara-san.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: Based on what you've told me, you have the advantage this time. You already know the contents of the D-Mail. So you don't have to tell her -- him? Ex-him? ...You don't have to tell Urushibara-san. Just send the cancellation D-Mail.
Rintaro: You mean pose as Lukako and send the mail to her mother myself?
Kurisu: If the worldline changes, then that will all be undone. In which case, ethical concerns don't really matter.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Just one problem. I don't know her mother's pager number.
Kurisu: What!? Are you an idiot!? Why didn't you write it down!?
Rintaro: I didn't think I would need it!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clicks her tongue. She rubs her brow with her fingers while muttering and thinking.
Kurisu: What if you just ask for the pager number directly? Think up a good excuse.
Rintaro: That's going to look suspicious...
Kurisu: What are you so scared of? That's not the vain and arrogant Okabe I know.
UNSPOKEN: Vain and arrogant? That was uncalled for. I don't have time to be Hououin Kyouma now.
Kurisu: Just make up some nonsense like you always do. I mean, you know how gullible she is, right? ...Wow, I hate myself for saying that. I'm a bad girl.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hangs her head.
Rintaro: Maybe I should just tell her the truth. Sincerity will work better than underhanded tricks... I think.
Kurisu: A mad scientist, sincere? That's a good one. It's more like you to say 'I'll brainwash her, muhahaha!'.
UNSPOKEN: I'm being serious, dammit!
Rintaro: I will shoulder Lukako's pain. That's my responsibility. When I cancel that D-Mail, the fact that she was a girl will be undone. I'm the only one who can carry that burden.
Kurisu: So what are you talking to me for? Go to her now, and tell her what you told me.
Rintaro: Yeah... you're right.
UNSPOKEN: That's my only choice. As always, there are only a few worshipers at the shrine. I guess that's how it can keep its dignified silence, even though it's less than a 10 minute walk from Akihabara Station.
Luka: Ah, Okabe-san...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is sweeping the courtyard.
Luka: I-I'm sorry, I left Samidare in my room...
Rintaro: No, that's okay.
Luka: R-really?
UNSPOKEN: Well, crap. Now that we're face to face, I can't bring myself to tell her the truth.
Luka: Is... something wrong?
Rintaro: W-well...
UNSPOKEN: I recall Lukako's crying face. She looked very sad when I called her a guy. If possible, I don't want to make her cry again. No! Why am acting so weak!? I can't stop here. I swore I would do anything to save Mayuri. And when Lukako said he wanted to be a girl, he probably only said it out of curiosity. If I explain everything properly, I doubt she'll refuse to become a guy again.
Rintaro: Lukako!
Luka: Uh, yes!?
UNSPOKEN: I grab her by the shoulders and pull her close. Lukako's cheeks instantly turn bright red.
Rintaro: Please listen carefully. The truth is... You used to be a guy.
UNSPOKEN: ... ... ... ... ... No reaction. Or so I thought. Then tears start welling up in Lukako's eyes.
Luka: You're... saying that again? Sniff...
UNSPOKEN: Damn! I made her cry again. But this time, I don't back down.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: I explain everything. About time travel. About the D-Mail Lukako sent. About Mayuri's fate. About how to avoid it. I talk and talk without pausing for breath. Finally, I'm done.
Luka: You're... joking, right?
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is trembling.
Luka: I can't... believe any of it... This is more roleplaying, right? You're being Kyouma-san, right? Right?
UNSPOKEN: She backs away from me, shaking her head.
Luka: I don't like that backstory. It hurts... and I think it would hurt Mayuri-chan too...
Rintaro: I know you're confused, hearing this so suddenly. But it's all true. I've witnessed her death countless times. I'm sorry. I know I'm being selfish. But I'm begging you. To save Mayuri... I need you to become a guy again.
Luka: Please tell me you're joking, Okabe-san... I can't possibly be a guy... I don't want to be... I've always been a girl... ever since I was born. This is cruel. And why do I have to hear it... from you, of all people? I'm so embarrassed... sniff... this isn't right...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako covers her face with both hands to snuff out her sobs.
Rintaro: What's to be embarrassed about? I have a harder time thinking of you as a girl anyway.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako jerks like someone poked her with a cattle prod. Her crying has stopped. Um... What did I do!?
Luka: ...that's how... you... of me...
Rintaro: What? I couldn't hear you.
UNSPOKEN: She lowers her hands and looks at me. Then she smiles... a soft, sorrowful smile.
Luka: So that's how you think of me...
UNSPOKEN: Then, Lukako shakes off my hands and runs away.
Rintaro: Lukako! Wait!!
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't stop even when I call her. She disappears into the shrine office. It turned out just as my mental simulations predicted. I sigh and leave the shrine, dejected. I need to come up with a plan... When I get back to the lab, I take Kurisu out to the bench and explain what happened. Kurisu listens with an annoyed expression the whole time. When I finish, she glares at me and says--
Kurisu: You raised a flag.
Rintaro: What are you talking about?
Kurisu: Don't you get it? You raised a flag. Or I guess you could say you tripped over a flag that was already raised.
Rintaro: You mean a death flag?
Kurisu: Why!? It's a romance flag, genius.
Rintaro: Wha...!
UNSPOKEN: A... romance flag?
Kurisu: Urushibara-san likes you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts her finger at me.
Kurisu: When her beloved Hououin Kyouma told her she was a guy, it tore her pure maidenly heart into tiny little pieces. In other words, your plan was a massive failure.
UNSPOKEN: She sure is calm when it's my neck on the line.
Kurisu: Love is trouble. There's no formula for calculating people's feelings. Too many unknowns to solve for.
UNSPOKEN: She shakes her head like she can't imagine anything worse. Has this girl never been in love?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Lukako likes me? I don't want to believe it. I mean, I appreciate the sentiment, but...
Rintaro: Um... when do you think I first set off that romance flag?
Kurisu: How should I know?
Rintaro: I mean, think about it. Lukako was a guy last week. If he already liked me at that point, then...
UNSPOKEN: Uh-oh.
Kurisu: That's just your perspective. From everyone else's perspective, she was always a girl. It makes perfect sense. Think in terms of the current worldline.
UNSPOKEN: R-right. It makes perfect sense. Still...
Kurisu: Anyway, there's a bigger problem. Will changing Urushibara-san's gender to male really bring the IBN 5100 back?
Rintaro: Something is different from the previous worldline. According to Lukako's father, the IBN 5100 was definitely at Yanabayashi Shrine. Suzuha gave it to Faris's dad. After he died, Faris donated it to Yanabayashi Shrine... That sequence is the same as on the worldline where I obtain the IBN 5100.
Kurisu: So you're gradually approaching the original worldline. You know, I've been thinking. You really shouldn't be able to change the worldline so easily.
Rintaro: What makes you say that?
Kurisu: I mean, there are six billion people in the world. It doesn't make sense that switching a single person's gender could cause such a huge change in the worldline.
Rintaro: According to Suzuha, taking different actions after a time leap will only change divergence by around 0. 000001%, if at all. But when I canceled Faris's D-Mail, there was a 0. 05% change.
Kurisu: 0. 05% is pretty big. What did Amane-san have to say about that?
Rintaro: The year 2010 is a major attractor field junction, and the key is whether or not I obtain an IBN 5100.
Kurisu: Maybe the divergence meter actually measures your distance to the IBN 5100... In any case, what you're saying is that all of the D-Mails we sent had an influence on the IBN 5100's location somehow?
Rintaro: There were also some D-Mails that didn't activate Reading Steiner.
Kurisu: Hmmm. So just cancel the D-Mails that activated Reading Steiner, and the IBN 5100 might come back to you.
UNSPOKEN: The remaining D-Mails were sent by Lukako, and...
Rintaro: ...Kiryu Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: I don't want to see that woman again if I can help it. In any case, I should focus on Lukako right now.
Rintaro: So what should I do about Lukako?
Kurisu: Well, you tripped a romance flag, so... Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ponders this for a while.
Kurisu: ...Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Then she blushes, for some reason, and turns away.
Kurisu: B-by the way, Okabe. Is there... someone you like? Wh-why aren't you answering?
Rintaro: Not really.
UNSPOKEN: For a second, Mayuri's face floated through my mind. But I feel more of a need to protect her, rather than romantic love for her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Why do you ask?
Kurisu: Ah, no, just wondering! There's no hidden meaning, okay!?
Rintaro: Why are you mad? Also, your face is red.
Kurisu: Is not! A-anyway! You should go out with Urushibara-san!
Rintaro: ...Seriously?
Kurisu: Y-you don't like anyone else, right? Then answer her feelings, you dummy.
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this name-calling?
Rintaro: Mayuri dies in two days. I don't have time to play boyfriend.
Kurisu: Just go out with her.
Rintaro: ...Seriously?
Kurisu: If there's nobody you like, then there's no reason not to, is there? Get close and help her work through her feelings. Then she'll probably tell you what you need to know.
Rintaro: Mayuri dies in two days. I don't have time for that touchy-feely stuff.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu's expression turns grave.
Kurisu: ...Only consider this as a last resort. If you're willing to hurt Urushibara-san, you can always take the information by force. She'll forget after the worldline changes, won't she? In that case, I think it's a valid option. But only when compared to Mayuri's death. ...I hate myself for suggesting this.
Rintaro: No, you're right. I need to consider every possible option. But I don't want to do that if there's any other choice.
UNSPOKEN: I'm not saying this for myself. From my perspective, when the worldline changes, everything until that point becomes undone. But what about from Lukako's perspective? What if this worldline continues after I leave it behind? The Lukako of this worldline will have to live with what I did to her. That possibility exists. Suzuha said that's not the case, but there's no way to be sure. And since I can't confirm or deny that possibility, I don't want to use Kurisu's last resort. Besides, I have the Time Leap Machine. And as long as I have it, I can repeat the days before Mayuri's death forever. Of course, there's still the danger of a time leap failure... In any case, the first thing I should do is have an honest talk with the girl in question. I hear the tweeting of small birds outside the window. It's nice and cool early in the morning, even though it's the middle of summer. Too bad the cicadas are already chirping. The sunlight's not too strong yet. I couldn't get a wink of sleep. I was up all night thinking about Lukako.
Mayuri: Okarin? Ah, there you are!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri enters the room and looks at me with a disapproving pout. She didn't say tutturu♪ It's rare to see her in such a bad mood.
Rintaro: You're early. It's still eight. Something happening today?
Mayuri: I'm here to scold you, Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: She gives me a glare that's more cute than frightening. She's never been very good at getting angry.
Mayuri: Mayushii's very disappointed in you!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puffs out her cheeks and thrusts a finger at me.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: You can't fool me, Okarin. You made Luka-chan cry, didn't you?
Rintaro: H-how did you...
Mayuri: Luka-chan told me. She said you said she was a guy.
Rintaro: Damn...
UNSPOKEN: Those two are close friends. I should have known Lukako would go to Mayuri first!
Mayuri: Why would you say such a mean thing, Okarin?
Rintaro: M-Mayuri, it doesn't involve you. This is a serious, confidential matter involving the Organization--
Mayuri: It does too involve me. Luka-chan is Mayushii's friend! If you don't tell me, we're not friends anymore, okay? I'm gonna quit being a lab mem!
UNSPOKEN: This is the first time I've ever seen Mayuri so angry. I'm not sure how to deal with this, honestly.
Mayuri: Why did you say such a mean thing?
UNSPOKEN: I did it to save you. But I can't say that. I don't have it in me to tell this innocent girl that she's fated to die in just two days. Come to think of it, was it a mistake to tell Lukako about Mayuri's murder? I did make sure to tell Lukako not to breathe a word of it.
Mayuri: ...You're worried about something, aren't you?
UNSPOKEN: She's sharp, even though she never seems to be thinking anything.
Mayuri: I can tell. I've been watching you longer than anyone, Okarin... And yesterday, you talked with Chris-chan for a looong time, didn't you? If something's wrong, you should talk to Mayushii too, okay? I want to help too... okay? Now, let's go apologize to Luka-chan. Will you do that for me? Mayushii will come too, so let's--
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh, muhahahaha!
Mayuri: O-Okarin?
Rintaro: Come now, Mayuri. Me, worry? Don't be ridiculous! I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma! I have nothing to worry about! All I have... is the hunger for chaos! Muhahahaha!
Mayuri: Okarin...
UNSPOKEN: I can't tell Mayuri. I can't. Even if Mayuri hates me for it. Something important? What? I told her everything yesterday, including about Mayuri's death. Perhaps, after sleeping on it, she finally decided to believe my story.
Rintaro: Alright...
UNSPOKEN: I get up from the sofa.
Mayuri: Where are you going? Mayushii's not done talking.
Rintaro: I'm going to Lukako's.
Mayuri: Really? You're going to apologize? Then let Mayushii come too!
Rintaro: No, that will just make it harder.
UNSPOKEN: I put my hand on Mayuri's shoulder.
Rintaro: Please, take care of the lab while I'm gone.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's shoulders droop. She looks sad for some reason, but she lets me go. When I reach the shrine, I find Lukako standing alone in the courtyard. She's dressed in regular clothes instead of her miko garb. She still hasn't noticed me. Lukako stands still in the silent courtyard. The only movement comes from the trees swaying in the summer breeze. It's like a scene from a movie. I stop and watch in fascination. Finally, Lukako turns around. Our eyes meet.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I awkwardly clear my throat and walk towards him -- uh, her. Lukako bows her head.
Luka: You came... Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: We stare at each other in silence. Crap. This is awkward. I can't stand the silence, so I try to start the conversation.
Rintaro: What did you tell Mayuri?
Luka: ...S-sorry. But Mayuri-chan's the only one I could talk to about this.
Rintaro: I mean, how much did you tell her?
Luka: I kept most of it a secret. Especially the stuff about her dying...
UNSPOKEN: That's a relief.
Rintaro: Do you still think I'm joking?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako shakes her head. She believes me?
Rintaro: Umm, you said you had something important to talk about, nya?
UNSPOKEN: I'm trying to be gentle, but for some reason I wind up talking like Faris. I really don't know how to deal with Lukako now that she's a girl.
Luka: ...Um.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako takes a deep breath, as if to prepare herself. Her face is turning red for some reason. She opens her mouth to speak, then closes it again. This continues for several cycles. What's wrong with her? Her tension is getting to me. My heart starts pounding like an alarm bell.
Luka: I...
Rintaro: Y-yes?
Luka: ...want to ask...
Rintaro: Yes?
Luka: Okabe-san... about what you said yesterday...
Rintaro: Yeah.
Luka: I... believe you.
Rintaro: T-that's great!
UNSPOKEN: So she's willing to go back to being a guy, even though I hurt her feelings! For her to believe me in spite of that makes me pretty happy. But something's strange about Lukako. She still looks wound up pretty tight. In fact, it's gotten worse. Now she looks on the verge of tears.
Luka: ...so, well... In exchange... for becoming a guy again...
UNSPOKEN: In exchange? She wants something in return? I wasn't expecting this.
Luka: For today... and tomorrow... We can stop... before Mayuri-chan is in danger...
UNSPOKEN: What? What is she talking about? My throat goes dry. I'm so tense and I don't know why.
Luka: ...so... Please be my...
Rintaro: ...Hm? I couldn't hear you. One more time.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's voice was even softer than ever. So soft that I couldn't hear her from here.
Luka: Please be my b...end
UNSPOKEN: No good, I still can't hear her.
Rintaro: Speak up. I'll do anything I can.
Luka: Boy...end...
Rintaro: What?
Luka: P-please be my boyfriend!
UNSPOKEN: ......... What? B o y f r i e n d. It takes me a while to process the word. Meanwhile, Lukako starts squirming and fidgeting. She refuses to look me in the eye. My heart is pounding. What's going on? What did she say to me? B o y f r i e n d. Boy friend. Boyfriend. She wants me to be her boyfriend until tomorrow? WHAT!?
Rintaro: Wh-why?
UNSPOKEN: Without thinking, I ask the worst possible question. Lukako curls up even smaller.
Luka: I... ...like you.
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is as small as the buzzing of a mosquito, but it has all the courage she can muster. I feel my heart tighten at those words. Silence. More silence. W-wait just a second. This is too sudden. I mean, maybe it's not sudden, exactly. I've known about Lukako's feelings since yesterday, when Kurisu told me about the romance flag. But still, I didn't think it would come to this. My mind goes blank. I can't think straight. Lukako hangs her head, waiting for my answer. She looks so cute and innocent. I feel myself drawn to-- NO! NO NO NO! That's wrong! That's just wrong! I am NOT attracted to Lukako!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I turn and flee like a scared rabbit. I'm so embarrassed, I can't look back. Ten minutes later, I get back to the lab. Mayuri's eating a red bean bun.
Mayuri: Okarin! How'd it go? Did you apologize to Luka-chan?
Rintaro: Uh, yeah. So put the Juicy Chicken Number One in the microwave and nuke it so that the D-Mail's basically ABC and...
Mayuri: Huwha?
Rintaro: The microwave was developed by knights of the Rosicrucian Order who used alchemy. Meaning that the sound of the chime is the brainwashing device, while the chime itself actually doesn't have any meaning at all...
Mayuri: Waaah, Okarin's broken!
UNSPOKEN: I mutter incoherently as I set up the Time Leap Machine.
Mayuri: What are you doing?
Rintaro: M-making a tactical retreat.
Mayuri: Retreat...?
UNSPOKEN: How far do I go? As far as I can. Yeah, that's it. Far. Far away from here. I jump all the way back to August 11th, the limit of the Time Leap Machine's range. When I'm done, Kurisu is standing before me, fiddling with the PhoneWave (name subject to change)'s wiring.
Kurisu: Stop staring. You're distracting me. How many times do I have to tell you?
UNSPOKEN: She's still working on the Time Leap Machine upgrade. I know I shouldn't interrupt her, but there's nobody else I can rely on.
Rintaro: Genius neuroscientist, I need to talk to you.
Kurisu: Make it short.
Rintaro: I want you to come with me to Yanabayashi Shrine.
Kurisu: Tell me why. If it's a date or something, then I refuse.
Rintaro: H-Hououin Kyouma does not go on dates. Much less with his assistant. Ridiculous.
UNSPOKEN: She's glaring like she's gonna kill me. Let's leave the jokes aside for now...
Rintaro: S-so... I need you to explain the differences between the male brain and the female brain.
Kurisu: What.
UNSPOKEN: I briefly explain my situation and what happened with Lukako before I leaped. How many times have I explained this to Kurisu now?
Luka: Okabe-san... and Makise-san. Did you come to pray?
UNSPOKEN: Not exactly...
Kurisu: A-ahem. Actually, we have something to talk to you about, Urushibara-san.
UNSPOKEN: This is the strategy I thought up. Its name is Operation Christina. Lukako reacts differently to me. I already know she'll have a breakdown if I tell her she's a guy. But she's not too familiar with Kurisu, and they're both girls, so it should be easier if Kurisu tells her. That's why I forced -- I mean, persuaded Kurisu to handle it. So I wait behind Kurisu and watch silently.
Luka: What might that be?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is shy. He was distant with me back when we first met. And I can see she's made a small wall between herself and Kurisu now too. On the other hand, Kurisu's very calm. Truly reliable. Kurisu puts on a gentle smile and begins her explanation.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is she talking about?
Kurisu: Actually, these theories are kinda fringe. They're not really that credible. So if you don't mind, I'd like to do an experiment.
Luka: A-an experiment?
Kurisu: I want to try mapping your brain patterns to see if they're more female or male.
Luka: What is mapping...?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's clearly frightened.
Kurisu: Brainwave mapping. We just take a sample of your brainwaves. Anyway, you'll understand if you try it. Okay? Okay? It won't hurt a bit.
Luka: N-no thanks...
Kurisu: It'll be okay, I promise. It won't hurt a bit. Just come to the lab and we'll--
Rintaro: What kind of perverted old man are you!?
UNSPOKEN: I lightly chop Kurisu on the head.
Kurisu: Fwahn! Wh-what!?
Rintaro: Don't you what me! What did we come here for!? What are you going to do if you scare Lukako away!?
Kurisu: I'm just treating her like a valuable test sub--
Rintaro: Go back to the lab, you experiment-loving girl!
Kurisu: Yeah, okay. So that's the thanks I get for going out of my way to help you. I'm gone. You're on your own now.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu leaves the shrine with squared shoulders, muttering darkly to herself.
Luka: Um... what was Makise-san talking about?
Rintaro: Well, basically...
UNSPOKEN: D-do I have to explain it myself after all?
Rintaro: Y-you're actually a guy.
UNSPOKEN: The result is the same, of course. I hear the tweeting of small birds outside the window. It's morning now. It's nice and cool early in the morning, even though it's the middle of summer. Too bad the cicadas are already chirping. The sun's not too strong yet. This is the second time I've woken up like this, though the date was different the first time. In any case, my mental state is exactly the same as back then. Through the front door, I hear someone stomping up the stairs. I jump up, thinking it's Moeka, but then I realize who it is.
Mayuri: Okarin? There you are!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri enters and greets me with a disapproving pout. Originally, Mayuri was supposed to stay over at the lab, but last night she got a call from someone and left in a hurry. ...She probably went to see Lukako.
Mayuri: Mayushii's very disappointed in you!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puffs out her cheeks and thrusts a finger at me. Of course... I sigh in frustration. Before I time leaped, this happened on the 14th. Today is the 12th. Since I explained the situation to Lukako early, it looks like Mayuri's protest came early too.
Mayuri: You made Luka-chan cry, didn't you? Luka-chan told me. She said you said she was a guy. Why would you say such a mean thing, Okarin?
Rintaro: ...I'm going to see her now, so don't worry.
Mayuri: R-really? Thank goodness. If you weren't gonna apologize, then Mayushii was never gonna talk to you again.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: P-please be my boyfriend!
UNSPOKEN: But this time, I thought ahead.
Rintaro: Christina! Christina!
UNSPOKEN: I start yelling at the development room, and begin to hear the sounds of someone moving inside.
Mayuri: Is Chris-chan sleeping? She worked all night, so you shouldn't wake her up.
UNSPOKEN: I know, but I have to do this.
Rintaro: Christina! Please wake up!
Kurisu: ...Oh, shut up.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu comes out of the development room with sleepy eyes.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, tutturu♪
UNSPOKEN: Last night, she fell asleep at the desk. The sleeves of her clothes left a mark on her cheek. Her hair's frayed. Her eyes are red. She rubs those red eyes.
Kurisu: What is it?
Rintaro: I'm going to Yanabayashi Shrine. Come with me. It's time for Operation Christina II.
Luka: Until... the 15th... We can stop... before Mayuri-chan is in danger... ...so... Please be my... Please be my b...end... Boy...end... P-please be my boyfriend!
UNSPOKEN: Same as before. Only this time, I have to be her boyfriend for four days instead of just two. I guess you could say it's a bold proposal. Fortunately, I came prepared. It's time to set Operation Christina II into motion. Last time, things got complicated when I added that experiment-loving girl to the conversation. This time, I had her watch things from the shadows near the staircase.
Rintaro: E-excuse me. I need a moment.
UNSPOKEN: I turn my back to Lukako and call Kurisu.
Kurisu: Sup, you filthy normal?
Rintaro: Who's a normal? Think about how I feel for once. Did you hear what Lukako said just now?
Kurisu: No. Fill me in.
Rintaro: You weren't listening!?
Kurisu: How am I supposed to listen from all the way over here?
Rintaro: She confessed. Until the 15th. Then back to manhood.
Kurisu: Roger. And? Why are you asking me? Just grant Urushibara-san's wish.
Rintaro: B-but it's Lukako!
Kurisu: What's wrong with her? I mean, look how cute she is.
Rintaro: But she's a--
Kurisu: Her being a guy might just be your imagination. From my perspective, she's always been a girl.
Rintaro: Gh...
Kurisu: Just give up. Bye.
Rintaro: Ah, wai--
UNSPOKEN: She hung up.
Rintaro: Damn! Why did I even bring her along?
UNSPOKEN: What a useless assistant! I stuff my phone into my pocket and head back to Lukako.
Luka: Um... were you on the phone... with Makise-san?
Rintaro: Hm? Oh, yeah...
Luka: Oh... You looked like you were having fun...
Rintaro: N-nonsense.
UNSPOKEN: Is this pressure? Is she applying psychological pressure!?
Luka: So...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako fidgets restlessly.
Luka: Your... answer...
UNSPOKEN: Please be my boyfriend. A four-day trial relationship. Will those four days feel long, or short? I mean... sure, Lukako is cute. She's very slender and delicate, especially around the waist, and her skin is as white as alabaster. Even when Lukako was a guy, I occasionally found myself mesmerized by his girlish demeanor. Biologically, the current Lukako is a girl. So even if we do... stuff... there shouldn't be a problem. But still... I'm on a mission to change Lukako back into a guy. I need to accomplish that mission to save Mayuri. If I go out with the girl Lukako and fall in love with her... Then will I be able to treat guy Lukako like I used to? If I forget he's a guy and lose my self-control, it could result in... complications. Going out with the current Lukako isn't the problem. I mean, I still have my reservations, but cuteness is justice, right? The real source of my hesitation is the thought of what happens afterwards. The problem isn't Lukako, but my own heart. Besides, I'm supposed to be saving Mayuri, not going out on dates. But on the other hand, Lukako's cooperation is essential to save Mayuri. I won't get anywhere if I reject Lukako and make her cry. For the sake of my goal, I must overcome the problems of my heart. I'll do it. I'll take Lukako's deal. But if we're going to do this, I tell myself, there's one rule that you must follow. ...You must not fall in love with Lukako. Even if it means trampling on her heart, you must not fall in love. Fall in love, and you could end up walking the forbidden path. Lukako is a guy. A guy. A guy. A guy. A guy. GuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuyGuy... And don't you forget it. Just... don't forget.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: Eh...?
Rintaro: I'll go out with you. But only until the 15th.
Luka: Ah...
UNSPOKEN: Tears immediately fall from Lukako's eyes.
Rintaro: Wh-why are you crying!?
Luka: Sniff... I'm h-happy... I was sure that you'd say no... Thank goodness... thank goodness... sniff...
UNSPOKEN: Her face is red, and her eyes are wet with tears, yet she's really happy. Seeing her like this, all shy and embarrassed but happy at the same time, makes me feel-- She's... too cute! I mustn't fall in love, but I'm about to! Why does every single one of her actions have to be so cute? She must be doing it on purpose! There's no other way! Lukako's cuteness is a terror of the universe.
Luka: ...Um, Okabe-san?
Rintaro: Wh-what!?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako wipes her tears away.
Luka: Um... tomorrow... a da...
UNSPOKEN: Da? What does she mean by da?
Luka: Please... take me... on a date.
Rintaro: What...did you say...?
UNSPOKEN: A date...? True, when a couple goes somewhere together, that's called a date. It would really be a dick move if I refused to go on a date right after we started going out.
Rintaro: Okay, but where?
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Doesn't look like she's got a place in mind.
Luka: I want to go where you want to go, Okabe-san... Um, I want to know more about the places you frequent, Okabe-san...
UNSPOKEN: So in other words, she wants me to decide for her? It's really unfair to be so cute. People will forgive you for anything you say. I scratch my head in thought.
Rintaro: ...Then I'll come up with something by tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: For now, I just want to get out of this sickeningly sweet atmosphere that's brewing. We arrange to meet tomorrow morning. Then I quickly leave the shrine behind. I breathe a sigh of relief at the sparsity of pedestrians on Manseibashi bridge.
Kurisu: Well?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is walking behind me. She was completely useless.
Kurisu: Did you agree to go out with her? Well, I can kind of guess based on Urushibara-san's reaction.
Rintaro: Wait, you saw that!?
Kurisu: You told me to watch, didn't you?
UNSPOKEN: Oh yeah... I was expecting her to give me advice. Guess I should've known better.
Rintaro: ...We're going on a date tomorrow.
Kurisu: Yeah?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu makes a small nasal sound. She hasn't been making eye contact.
Kurisu: Our insane mad scientist is dating a high school girl. That's not insane at all.
Rintaro: Gh...
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, Kurisu. Must you always be so cynical? Let's just ignore her and get to the lab. But just as I quicken my pace, she grabs my shoulder and pulls me back. I almost fall down backwards.
Rintaro: What was that for!?
Kurisu: Sorry. I didn't mean to be snippy. I'm just a little irritated.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn't tell me what she's irritated about. Instead, she starts rubbing her temples.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Date plans. I told Lukako I'd come up with something by tomorrow. So far, I've made no progress. I can't help but feel uneasy about the whole thing, even though I'm doing it to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Well, do you?
UNSPOKEN: T-this calls for Hououin Kyouma...
Rintaro: ...I have only one thing to say, assistant mine. I am the great Hououin Kyouma, a mad scientist with an IQ rivaling that of Isaac Newton himself!
Kurisu: And?
Rintaro: Naturally, as a mad scientist, I have no interest in this thing mortals call love. My incredible brain is devoted to the destruction of the System that controls the world, and the birth of a new age of chaos!
Kurisu: You're obviously a virgin, thank you ver-- ...Hah!? ...P-pretend you didn't just hear that.
Rintaro: Damn you, assistant! How dare you point out the truth so bluntly! I won't forget this insult!
Kurisu: S-sorry...
Rintaro: And what about you!? Your experience must be vast indeed if you think you can lecture me about it!
Kurisu: Ugh...
UNSPOKEN: I don't miss Christina's grimace.
Rintaro: That's what I thought! You spend all your time on research, so you've got zero experience, don't you!? You must've been awfully lonely in America, huh!?
Kurisu: Shut up! What's wrong with being a virgin!? ...Hah!? Ah... awhawha...
Rintaro: The genius girl who cried 'virgin' at the center of Akiba...
UNSPOKEN: I wouldn't be surprised to see it plastered across the blogosphere. Thankfully, it's early morning, but there are still a few pedestrians grinning at Kurisu.
Kurisu: L-let's get out of here!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts to hurry away.
Kurisu: What's important for a first date is to make a good impression. An unclean appearance is out of the question. A haircut is especially important. Long hair looks dirty, so it's no good. For clothes, you should wear something exactly the right size. Though it may be trendy, especially in Akiba, for young men to wear baggy clothes, it looks sloppy, so it's not good.
UNSPOKEN: ...Why exactly am I in a maid cafe, getting date advice from my younger assistant (who is also a girl)?
Kurisu: On the first date, conversation tends to break due to mutual nervousness. What's important is to play 'conversation catch'. One-sided conversations aren't fun for the other side. Girls especially like to talk, so the guy should try to keep the conversation going. Not just by listening. Throwing in appropriate responses is also necessary. Responsiveness gives the girl the impression that you're really listening to her. Basically, you need to be the opposite of yourself. Anyway, focus on acting normal for now. No more of that idiotic laughter. You're too heavy-handed with girls. You talk too pompously. You fire off nonsensical delusions.
Rintaro: Hey! You're just reading out of a dating manual, so you've got no right to look down on me, you American virgin!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Who are you calling an American virgin?
Rintaro: Who else but you?
Kurisu: Yeah, sure thing, virgin. There's a saying. 'A fortress is judged by how many attacks it repulses; a soldier is judged by how many fortresses he takes.'
Rintaro: That's not a saying. Don't look so proud of yourself.
Kurisu: ...You're right. This is a dumb argument. Anyway, this dating manual actually says some pretty interesting things.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu flips through the manual on top of the table.
Kurisu: Like 'when walking down the street, be sure to put yourself between your date and the road' or 'whatever you do, don't make the girl pay for anything'. Okay! For your date tomorrow, make sure you follow all of these rules.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if I can really be that careful...
Kurisu: And after that, there's... carry a clean handkerchief. Spread it out when the girl goes to sit on a park bench.
Rintaro: I'm not her butler.
Kurisu: But that's what the book says. When it's time to eat, avoid fast food of all kinds. Family restaurants are borderline acceptable. Anything else depends on your budget.
Rintaro: Family restaurants are borderline...
UNSPOKEN: Where are the family restaurants in Akiba?
Kurisu: Arrive at the meeting place at least 15 minutes early. Tardiness is unacceptable.
Rintaro: 15 minutes early...
Kurisu: Then you just need to decide where to take her. Movies, art galleries, strolling through town, and food are all safe.
Rintaro: I see. It's easier than I thought. I was under the impression that a first date required going to a beautiful beach resort, exchanging your first kiss bathed in the light of the setting sun, and stuff like that.
Kurisu: Ah, that's really romantic! ...I mean, that's virgin imagination at full throttle. You've read too much manga.
Rintaro: You too.
Kurisu: Besides, your date's a minor, so don't even think about bringing her to a hotel, okay?
Rintaro: ...What do you take me for?
UNSPOKEN: That way lie... forbidden lusts. Not to mention, Lukako's such an innocent girl. If I brought her to a hotel, she'd probably faint from shock.
Kurisu: That just about covers it. Well? Was my lecture helpful?
Rintaro: You mean the manual's lecture.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway... strolling around town counts as a date, huh? In that case, I don't have to waste money.
Faris: Nyanya? Kyouma, are you going on a date, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris comes to our table carrying drinks.
Faris: Thanks for waiting! I'll prepare your iced coffee, nyan♪
UNSPOKEN: As usual, she pours in milk and syrup right in front of me. Kurisu watches this with great interest. I guess this is her first time at a maid cafe.
Faris: Is Mayushii the lucky girl, nya?
UNSPOKEN: Faris winks at me playfully while stirring Kurisu's iced coffee.
Rintaro: Why would you think that?
Faris: Hmmya? Not her, nya? Then...
UNSPOKEN: Faris looks at Kurisu.
Faris: Is it her, nya?
Kurisu: Hwehh...!
Rintaro: No, she's my assistant.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Faris: Then some other girl, nya? Kyouma, you tomcat, you're making moves on too many girls, nya.
Kurisu: Oh-ho... So you're making moves on too many girls, huh?
Rintaro: What nonsense.
UNSPOKEN: Well... I guess I did hug Faris. But that was on the 14th, so when I time leaped to the 12th, it was undone... I shake off a pang of loneliness and return to the conversation. The next day finds me strolling around Akiba with Lukako.
Luka: So... where to next?
UNSPOKEN: Event #1, lunch at a family restaurant, is already complete. I took care of the bill, and now we're back out in the heat. I've got the entire day planned out in my head. The next event is...
Rintaro: How about we take a walk around town?
Luka: Eh? Um, okay.
UNSPOKEN: It's Obon holiday, so Akiba is crowded. To avoid the crowds, we end up walking through the back streets. My plan is to walk with Lukako all the way to Ueno and back. That should be enough, right? I walk quickly. This conversation thing isn't going so well. I tried to follow the guide's advice and be a good listener, but Lukako's silent by nature. She doesn't really start talking on her own. Even at the family restaurant, the words we exchanged were mostly just things like It's crowded today, It's delicious, and It was delicious. And I think it was a mistake to just wander around. Especially since we've ended up in a residential area with no interesting scenery whatsoever.
Luka: Um... Okabe-san.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako speaks up. She's a few steps behind me.
Rintaro: Yeah?
UNSPOKEN: I stop and turn around. Lukako catches up, and we start walking together again.
Luka: ...Do you remember? About the first time you and I met.
Rintaro: ...Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, what I actually remember is how I met the male Lukako. It was during Golden Week in May. I was searching Akiba for materials to build a new Future Gadget when I saw Lukako in his miko garb, surrounded by some cameramen.
Luka: P-please stop... I can't...
Low-Angler A: P-please, let me take just one photo.
Low-Angler B: That cosplay is super moe. I've never seen such a cute miko cosplayer before.
Luka: Th-this isn't cosplay...
Low-Angler A: If you could make a cute pose, I'd be su-super happy.
Low-Angler B: D-do that thing, you know, that thing Megumi-tan does in Miko Miko Overdrive.
Low-Angler A: Yeah! That would be awesome! You know Megumi-tan, right? Can you do it for us?
Luka: I-I don't know, sorry...
Low-Angler B: What's wrong? If you come to Akiba in cosplay, that means you want people to take your picture, right?
Low-Angler A: That's right. Or are you rejecting us 'cause we're losers?
Luka: N-no... it's just... this isn't cosplay...
UNSPOKEN: To be honest, the miko garb fascinated me. Because miko are sacred, chosen to serve the gods. I know college girls are doing it for money these days, but as far as I'm concerned, that's sacrilege. As is demanding to photograph a sacred miko. I couldn't let it pass.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Heh! Who am I? I am the great Hououin Kyouma, bearer of the mightiest brain since Einstein himself, the insane mad scientist who will bring chaos to the world! Muhahaha!
Low-Angler A: Wh-what's with this guy?
Low-Angler B: He's nuts.
Rintaro: Stop right there. This miko clearly does not want your attention!
Low-Angler A: G-get out of here, chuunibyou!
Low-Angler B: You trying to be cool and save a girl for smex in return? You're just another pervert!
Rintaro: Look in the mirror when you say that. You're the ones harassing this frail girl, forcing her to take perverted pictures. Have you no otaku pride?
Luka: Um, I'm a...
Rintaro: A cameraman who frightens a sacred miko is no cameraman at all! He's nothing but lowlife scum, unfit to walk the holy streets of Akiba!
Low-Angler A: Wh-what!? Everyone's aiming for low-angle shots of cute 3D girls!
Low-Angler B: Amateur cosplayers should take what they get. When you cosplay in Akiba, you're asking to get photographed! That's how it works.
Luka: N-no... I... I'm... A guy!
UNSPOKEN: Instantly, our jaws dropped to the ground.
Luka: So... there's no point in photographing me...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako murmured sadly.
Low-Angler A: R-really?
Low-Angler B: No way. Someone this cute can't be a guy...
Luka: I am a guy.... I even have an Adam's apple...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako lifted his chin a bit, exposing his pale neck. That gesture was really sexy, but... There was indeed a lump on his neck.
Low-Angler A: Then, you've got one down there, too?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nodded, reluctantly. He was already crying by that point. So were the cameramen.
Low-Angler B: Wh-what the hell? This is fraud!
Low-Angler A: What kind of guy wears miko robes? You some kinda pervert?
Low-Angler B: Thank god I didn't take a picture! I feel tricked.
UNSPOKEN: They left the place, mumbling complaints all the while. Those bastards were a disgrace to otaku everywhere. Daru would've said something like... Someone this cute can't be a girl! So you're a trap? Awesome! Daru is the true otaku.
Luka: Um, thank you very much...
Rintaro: Hm? Nah, it's nothing.
Luka: But you're disappointed that you saved a guy, aren't you? I'm sorry... I can't live up to your expectations.
Rintaro: ...What's your name?
Luka: Eh? Urushibara... Luka.
Rintaro: Why are you apologizing?
Luka: I mean... I look like this... but I'm a guy...
Rintaro: It matters not!
Luka: ...!?
Rintaro: It doesn't matter if you're a guy or a girl! We need to work on that inferiority complex of yours.
Luka: Eh? Eh...?
Rintaro: Come with me! I shall bestow upon you a mighty gift! An item that will give you courage. I'm sure you, too, have noticed the true power that sleeps inside of you.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What's wrong? You desire power... don't you?
Luka: Umm... p-power?
Rintaro: Indeed. I can grant you power. All you need is the will, the desire, the hunger! Never again will you fear a camera lens!
Luka: After that, we went to BladeWorks and you bought me Samidare. I didn't expect that.
Rintaro: Ah, well...
UNSPOKEN: I didn't expect he'd actually come with me. But when he did, I realized that he had potential. That's why I bought him the 980 yen (tax included) demon sword. Afterwards, Lukako and I went through intense training to develop the Seishin Zanma school of swordsmanship. In retrospect, I can't believe I said all that ridiculous stuff. It makes me want to crawl in a hole and hide.
Luka: I was really surprised when you said it didn't matter... but at the same time... it really made me happy. It's strange, huh. Those words really moved me.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako's cheeks then turn rosy pink. Her blush is too powerful. I have to look away.
Luka: Ever since you said those words... I've liked you.
UNSPOKEN: Wait a second... Wait a second. Wait a goddamn second! Is she saying what I think she's saying? But that Lukako was a guy! Does that mean I made the guy Lukako fall in love with me? My mind goes blank. Oh god! By the time I drop her off back at the shrine, I'm worn out physically and mentally. We ended up walking for four hours straight, which was tiring, but my mental exhaustion is greater. In the end, we didn't talk much. We just walked.
Luka: Today... was really fun.
Rintaro: R-really?
UNSPOKEN: She's just saying that out of consideration. I can tell that she's forcing her smile. All through the date, I couldn't stop thinking about the time Lukako fell in love with me, so I barely made conversation at all. That manual was completely useless. On this worldline, Lukako was a girl from the beginning, so Lukako's memories of when we first met might be inconsistent with mine. But even with that in consideration, Lukako's story still felt out of place.
Luka: So... um...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako fidgets as she whispers.
Rintaro: Wh-what is it?
Luka: Well... tomorrow...
Rintaro: Ah... eh?
UNSPOKEN: She wants to go on a date again tomorrow? I mean, we are a couple, and we are going out, and that means we like each other, and it's summer break right now, so it's natural to go on a date every day...
Luka: I want to be with Okabe-san again... tomorrow.
Rintaro: T-thanks...
Luka: Is that... okay?
Rintaro: Of course it is. Yes. Of course.
Luka: Thank goodness...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako smiles again. She looks so happy and relieved. Seeing her like this makes incomprehensible feelings well up inside me.
Luka: Well, see you tomorrow...
UNSPOKEN: I feel a huge weight on my shoulders. Another date tomorrow... Tomorrow...
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Welcome backarin.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: When I return to the lab, I am greeted by Mayuri's smile and Daru's pure hatred.
Itaru: Since when does a chuunibyou patient like you rate a girlfriend? It's not right, man.
Mayuri: How'd your date with Luka-chan go?
Rintaro: Well... Stage Clear, somehow. Probably.
UNSPOKEN: Probably not, actually.
Mayuri: ComiMa's the day after tomorrow, you know? What if you and Luka-chan go as a cosplay couple? Maybe you can persuade her to go, now that you're her boyfriend. She never says yes to me. And I've asked her so many times, too. But if Okarin asks her, then I'm sure she'll say OK!
Rintaro: I refuse.
Mayuri: Eh? Why?
UNSPOKEN: Because ComiMa is on the 15th. Mayuri is fated to die that night. How am I supposed to spend the hours before her death cosplaying at ComiMa?
Rintaro: To be honest, I don't get this dating thing.
Itaru: Geh!? Okarin, you idiot, those words are an insult to virgins the world over! Apologize! Apologize to the virgins!
Rintaro: Just think about it. All you do is walk, eat, and go home. And the whole time, you have to worry about what your partner is thinking. What's fun about that?
Mayuri: Don't say that, Okarin. You'll make Luka-chan sad.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's expression is uncharacteristically serious.
Mayuri: You know... just being with the person she likes is enough to make a girl happy. That's all she really needs. Doesn't being together make boys happy too? If not... that makes Mayuri sad.
UNSPOKEN: Why would that make Mayuri sad?
Itaru: Okarin's the minority. I mean, dates are a great opportunity for H-scenes.
Rintaro: You're an idiot.
Itaru: Come on! Holding hands and stuff's pretty H, isn't it? And when you're arm-in-arm and her boob hits your elbow, that's like super mega H! And then at the end of the date, you kiss, right!? Damn you! Death to normals!
Rintaro: You play too much eroge.
Mayuri: Hey, hey. When did Luka-chan fall for Okarin?
Rintaro: When? Well...
Luka: I was really surprised when you said it didn't matter... but at the same time... it really made me happy. Ever since you said those words... I've liked you.
UNSPOKEN: I think back on what she said. Something still feels off about her story. I said that Luka's gender didn't matter. I remember that clearly. But didn't I say that because Lukako was a guy?
Rintaro: ...Right. That doesn't make sense.
UNSPOKEN: Now I know what feels out of place. I wouldn't have said that to a female Lukako. So why does this Lukako remember what I said back then? I recall what happened with Faris.
Faris: ...I remember, nya! The wish Faris made... ...Was to save Papa, who died ten years ago, nya.
UNSPOKEN: Faris regained her memories from before she sent the D-Mail. Could Lukako, too, have remembered the previous worldline, where she was a guy? That would explain everything. However... She remembers that event, and she said she liked me for it, so... Did Lukako like me even when she was a guy? I think I need to check this out. The next morning, I head to the shrine to meet with Lukako. She's already waiting in the courtyard. When she sees me, she smiles and waves her hand. Too cute... must... resist...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: M-morning.
Luka: Um... where are we going today?
Rintaro: Before that...
Luka: Yes?
UNSPOKEN: I make up my mind and throw out the question.
Rintaro: Do you have any memories of when you were a guy?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako twitches for a moment. And then she hangs her head.
Luka: N-no, I don't...
Rintaro: Really?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako just nods stiffly. I consider a more forceful approach, but the words of that dating manual blaze inside my head. Whatever you do, don't make the girl sad! You might get dumped! If I get dumped, then what will happen to our 4-day agreement? Lukako might refuse to turn back into a guy. ...No, Lukako's not like that. Mayuri's life hangs in the balance, so I'm sure no matter what I say, she'll turn back. Or is it naive of me to think that? Either way... Even though I'm doing this to save Mayuri, I can't just trample on Lukako's pure maidenly heart. Neither one of us speaks. Mutual distrust? Suspicion? Discomfort? One word could shatter our temporary relationship. Luka is the first to break the suffocating silence.
Luka: ...I'm sorry. Let's cancel... today's date...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako bows her head and goes back into the shrine office. I hurt her. I feel guilty, but at the same time, relieved. I hate myself for it. Instead of returning to the lab, I stand on the bridge in front of the station and gaze blankly at the stream of people. Faris might be visiting the lab. Faris was at the lab on this day when I first came to this worldline. My actions shouldn't have influenced Mayuri's, so she should have called Faris over to show her the costumes. Right now, I don't want to see anybody. I need to think. But try as I might, no ideas come. No solutions. Lukako agreed to go back to being a guy if I went out with her for a time. I've stayed faithful to that, so... Faithful? How? I just made a huge mistake back there! I've done nothing but make Lukako sad. Tomorrow... Tomorrow is the 15th. The day ComiMa opens. The day Mayuri dies. At the very least, I need to make our relationship last until that evening. Tomorrow is the end. But I'm not confident I can show Lukako a fun time. Alright. So instead of fussing over a date, I'll just try something that won't make Lukako sad. The next morning, after Mayuri and Daru have left for Ariake, I head to the shrine to pick up Lukako. We hop the train at Akiba station. When she looks askance at me, I tell her we're going to see Mayuri. Today it won't just be the two of us. I don't know what to say when we're alone. I'm afraid I'll just hurt her again. It's time to try something different. When we get off the train at Tokyo Big Sight, Lukako stares in wonder at the scene spread before her. People, people, people. People as far as the eye can see. Welcome to ComiMa, the otaku festival. It's the first day, so Big Sight's more crowded than usual. This is my plan: to take Lukako to ComiMa. I'm not making her cosplay, of course. Lukako wouldn't even do it at Mayuri's request, and I don't want to force her to do anything she doesn't want to. We're just here to look and have fun. The first order of business is to hook up with Mayuri and Daru. Those two live and breathe ComiMa, so I'm sure they'll have a lot to talk about. Conversation will flow, and I'll be off the hook. How wonderful to have friends you can count on! Of course, bringing a date to ComiMa is a surefire way to earn myself the hatred of otaku everywhere, but no matter. I'll endure their contempt if that's what it takes to make Lukako happy. So resolved, I strike out through the crowd towards our designated rendezvous point. Lukako, clearly overwhelmed by the sheer number of people, struggles to follow behind.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Near the edge of the parking lot, I see the petite Mayuri wave her hands high. There aren't as many people here.
Mayuri: Welcome to ComiMa, Luka-chan.
Luka: Y-yeah. It's my first time coming here, but it's amazing...
Mayuri: Take it easy!
Rintaro: Where's Daru?
Mayuri: Um, Daru-kun's in line for promo goods. He couldn't come. He said maybe he'll join us later, if he survives the battle.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. That means he won't join up with us for at least another hour.  Couldn't he forgo the battle just this once? Lukako's eyes dart from place to place. She's clearly uncomfortable in the chaotic atmosphere. There's still some awkwardness between us after what happened yesterday. Even on the train ride, we barely spoke to each other. What's the point in being a couple if it turns out like this? It was easier to talk when we weren't supposed to be boyfriend and girlfriend. Lukako seemed to enjoy herself more too. Was it a mistake to bring her to ComiMa? Well, Lukako didn't refuse. Even when I told her we were going to ComiMa, she just nodded obediently.
Mayuri: Mayushii will show you around, okay? Um, there's lots of people, so we've gotta be careful. First we'll go to the cosplay area! And then we'll go inside!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's more cheerful than usual. She must be happy to have us here.
Mayuri: Hey, is there anything you guys wanna see?
Rintaro: ...Lukako, is there anything you want to see?
Luka: Ah, no...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako shakes her head.
Luka: It's my first time, so... if Okabe-san wants to see something, I'll go see it...
Rintaro: I'm not particularly interested in anything.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako looks unhappy. Crap, I shouldn't have answered like that.
Mayuri: Hey, Luka-chan. If you come to the cosplay area, I'm sure you'll change your mind about cosplaying!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri talks happily to Lukako. I'm glad I chose to rely on this ditz who can't read the mood.
Mayuri: It's not embarrassing at all, see? 'Cause everyone's having fun! Kaede-chan and Fubuki-chan are there wearing Mayushii's costumes! I'll introduce you, okay? You should come tomorrow too! I'll bring costumes for you and we can cosplay together! I think Okarin would be perfect as Zerosum from Code Jeass. You'll cosplay if Okarin does it with you, right, Luka-chan? You will, won't you? Mayushii thinks it's a great idea!
Rintaro: Not a chance.
Luka: S-sorry...
Mayuri: Eh? No way...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri slumps her shoulders in disappointment. In the end, Lukako and I got fed up with the amount of people and left Ariake early. We took the direct shuttle bus to Akiba that only runs during ComiMa, but it was so cramped inside, I thought I was gonna die. By the time we get back to Akiba, Lukako and I are exhausted. My feet feel like blocks of lead, and I don't have the energy to even attempt conversation. The two of us schlep back to the shrine without speaking a word, like Spanish monks under a vow of silence. Lukako doesn't raise a single complaint. But taking her to ComiMa was obviously a mistake. Lukako's expression has been stiff ever since we met up with Mayuri. Maybe she's still traumatized by otaku. The first time I met Lukako, he was being harassed by otaku. Maybe they left a bad impression. We don't talk. We spent most of the day shoulder-to-shoulder with strangers. I can probably count on my fingers the words I said directly to Lukako today. When we arrive at the shrine, our time as a couple will end. So this is our last chance to talk as boyfriend and girlfriend. But I'm confused. What should I talk about? I try thinking about things we have in common. The demon sword, Samidare. The Seishin Zanma school of swordmanship. But Kurisu said to avoid chuunibyou topics, and the dating manual concurred. What else is there? It finally dawns on me. There's nothing else Lukako and I share. Silence dominates the shrine. The silence should be calming, but it's not. I've safely escorted Lukako home. Mayuri's death is just three hours away. The temporary relationship between me and Lukako ends here. Now I just need Lukako to give me her mother's pager number. However... Is it really okay to let it end like this? In the end, what have I done for Lukako? I haven't done squat, have I? All I've done is hurt her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Lukako starts sobbing. She covers her mouth with both hands, but can't stop the tears pouring from her eyes.
Rintaro: Lukako...
UNSPOKEN: When I approach her, Lukako pulls back.
Luka: Uugh... ugg... sniff...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako wipes the corners of her eyes, but the tears keep flowing, forming a glistening line down each cheek. I'm speechless. I have no idea what to do. A girl is crying before my eyes. It's my duty as a man to comfort her. I know that, and yet no words come. I just stand there, like a useless statue. The cause of Lukako's tears is undoubtedly me. I didn't treat her right as my girlfriend, even if it was only a temporary arrangement. And now it ends with me watching as Lukako cries. Lukako... I'm the one who did this to her. I'm the cause of her grief. And yet...
Luka: Thank you... very much...
UNSPOKEN: She thanks me and bows her head.
Rintaro: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: She lifts her head and smiles shyly through her tears.
Luka: I was... really happy... sniff... That we could be... together...
UNSPOKEN: That's a lie.
Luka: I'm glad... I fell in love... with you...
UNSPOKEN: That has to be a lie. To my surprise, Lukako takes my hand in hers. Her hand is very warm and delicate. This is the first time I've touched her since we became a couple. And... it will be the last. Lukako places a note in my hand. And then, she pulls away. She bows her head again.
Luka: ...Bye now.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako turns her back to me, then disappears into the shrine office. I look at the note. There's a number written there. Probably her mother's pager number. She kept her promise. But I... I didn't keep mine. I can't let it end like this. I run full speed back to the lab. Ignoring Kurisu's calls to stop, I slap on the headgear and leap to the past. I regain consciousness in front of Akihabara Station. Lukako is next to me. We're about to board the train for ComiMa. Lukako looks a little anxious, but she doesn't raise a single complaint. The shuttle bus pulls up. The huge line of people begins to move. We can't go to ComiMa like this. Shaking off my time leap-induced vertigo, I take Lukako by the hand.
Luka: Um...?
Rintaro: Come on!
UNSPOKEN: Once we get out of the line, I let go of Lukako's hand and start walking.
Luka: O-Okabe-san? Um, the bus is here...
Rintaro: We're not going to ComiMa.
Luka: Eh...?
Rintaro: This time... we're doing things my way!
Luka: Okabe-san... um, where are we going? Okabe...san?
UNSPOKEN: I keep walking with Lukako's hand in mine, ignoring everything else. Lukako looks bewildered at first, but eventually, she says no more, and just starts following me with a sad expression. We arrive at Yanabayashi Shrine. A place devoid of visitors. Where an aura of peace and dignity dominates. Where the cries of cicadas resound. Lukako's home. Finally, I turn to face Lukako. Instead of letting go, I grasp her warm hand even tighter than before. Perhaps it's the heat, or perhaps it's our nervousness, but our hands are damp with sweat. But still, I don't let go. Lukako is hanging her head. She might cry at any moment.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Her lips tremble. Her voice trembles. I summon my resolve and answer her with a laugh.
Rintaro: Heh! What are you talking about?
Luka: Eh...?
Rintaro: Our couple phase isn't over yet!
UNSPOKEN: I strike a pose and mimic a line from a popular card-battling anime. Until I witnessed Mayuri's death, this was how I acted all the time. Now it takes some effort, but I still have it in me.
Luka: B-but...
Rintaro: Weren't you listening? This time, we're doing things my way. Now, my disciple! Bring forth the demon sword, Samidare!
UNSPOKEN: The wind blows. The tree growing over the main building rustles its leaves in response. Lukako looks at me blankly. Tears form in the corners of her eyes.
Luka: Wh... what?
Rintaro: Isn't it obvious? It's time to continue your training in the Seishin Zanma school of swordsmanship!
Luka: My training...
Rintaro: Have you already forgotten what I taught you?
Luka: N-no... but, Oka--
Rintaro: It's Kyouma.
Luka: ...Eh?
Rintaro: Have you forgotten my true name, Lukako? I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: Swallowing my embarrassment, I strike another pose.
Rintaro: I was so caught up in the question of your gender that I lost sight of our true relationship. But now I've finally realized the truth. Our relationship was decided from the very beginning.
Luka: Decided... how?
Rintaro: I may be a man and you may be a woman, but our temporary relationship as a couple...
UNSPOKEN: I take a deep breath. I gently comb my fingers through Lukako's hair. I twist my lips into a grin.
Rintaro: Matters not!
Luka: Ah...
Rintaro: I am I. Lukako is Lukako. And Lukako is my disciple.
UNSPOKEN: As I gently stroke her hair, Lukako puts her warm hand on top of mine. The tears collected in the corners of her eyes suddenly fall.
Luka: Y-yes... of course. Okabe... I mean, Kyouma-san... is my master.
Rintaro: Well said! Now, Lukako, bring forth Samidare.
Luka: A-at once! Um, just a moment. I'll be right back. Please stay here, okay?
Rintaro: I'm not going anywhere. So hurry.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako reluctantly lets go of my hand, shyly turns away from me, and heads to the shrine office. We spend four hours training, just like we used to. Practice swings with the demon sword. Stories of the sword's history. Lectures on the intricacies of Seishin Zanma swordsmanship. All fabricated from my chuunibyou delusions. I talk. Lukako, dressed now in her miko robes, listens with rapt attention. Occasionally, we take a break, sit on the shrine's stairway, and eat the sweet rice balls Lukako's mother brings us. And that's how we spend an extraordinarily ordinary four hours.
Rintaro: Alright, that's it for today.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako lowers her stance and slowly sheathes the demon sword, Samidare. She looks so beautiful and majestic standing there in flowing white robes, sword shining in her hands. I find myself mesmerized once again. Lukako bows, snapping me out of it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: No need for humility. Today, you mastered one of the Seishin Zanma style's secrets, Type Thirty-Two Cherry Bomb. But don't get cocky, for you are still weak.
Luka: Yes sir. I want to learn even more from you.
UNSPOKEN: The breeze feels nice after the sweat we worked up. We savor our comfortable fatigue as we drink the barley tea Lukako's mother brought for us.
Luka: I feel like it's been a long time since you last taught me, Kyouma-san.
Rintaro: For the past few days, my mind has been under the dread influence of the foul grimoire known as The Manual. But I've fully recovered. Do not worry.
Luka: ...Thank goodness. You're back to your old self.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako answers happily. And then her expression turns serious, as if she's made up her mind about something.
Luka: Um... Yesterday, you asked me if I had any memories from when I was a guy.
Rintaro: Oh, yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako looks away. I see her hands fidgeting in her lap. Finally, with trembling lips, she speaks.
Luka: I... do remember.
UNSPOKEN: No surprise. I expected she'd remember after what I experienced with Faris.
Luka: I remember, or actually... umm, how should I say it... It's a very... transient feeling.
Rintaro: Transient...
Luka: I can't clearly remember it, but at the bottom of my sea of memories, well... in my head, umm...
UNSPOKEN: Then Lukako starts pawing at the air above and to the right of her head.
Luka: It feels like it's around here somewhere...
UNSPOKEN: I don't really get it.
Rintaro: Anyway, you remember?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nods.
Luka: I'm sorry I lied yesterday...
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don't worry about it. You should be proud to have fooled the great Hououin Kyouma!
Luka: So because I remembered, I knew Mom's pager number without having to ask.
UNSPOKEN: She takes out a piece of paper, upon which is written the number.
Luka: I was going to give you this no matter how things turned out today. And... one more thing.
UNSPOKEN: One more thing?
Luka: I don't know if it's related to my memories, but... It's about that old computer.
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: Now that, I didn't expect.
Rintaro: The IBN 5100!?
Luka: Yes... I think so...
UNSPOKEN: True, Lukako did seem like she knew something about the IBN 5100. Plus, Luka's dad confirmed that it was here at the shrine. And then one day, it suddenly disappeared. Does Lukako know where it is now?
Rintaro: If that's true, Lukako, then you might not have to turn back into a guy.
UNSPOKEN: But Lukako faintly shakes her head.
Luka: I don't think it's that easy...
Rintaro: But why not?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako grips my hand.
Luka: Please come with me. I'll show you.
UNSPOKEN: She looks into my eyes. Lukako is no longer crying. In the fading sunlight, her eyes shine with firm resolve. She brings me to Daibiru. I look up at the huge, towering building.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: Um... not there...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako faces away from Daibiru and points. To a coin locker tucked in a narrow alley.
Luka: It happened last year, just before New Years...
UNSPOKEN: Lukako walks up to the coin locker as she talks.
Luka: The computer was at our shrine until then.
UNSPOKEN: Until New Years... That's a contradiction. It was only two weeks ago that I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine. Which means I really haven't returned to the original worldline.
Luka: It's all my fault. I was helping out at the shrine, sweeping the storehouse when... I broke it by accident.
Rintaro: You... broke it?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nods.
Luka: But I thought Dad would get mad at me if he found out, so... I brought it here... and hid it in the coin locker.
Rintaro: It must have been tough bringing it all the way out here. That thing weighs a ton.
Luka: I used a pushcart from home. It... broke too.
UNSPOKEN: Even so, it must've been hard to get it here with just a pushcart. Maybe she was running on adrenaline.
Luka: When I heard Kyouma-san was searching for it, I was really surprised. I know I should've told you the truth, but I thought you'd hate me for it, and I couldn't say anything.
Rintaro: Nonsense. I wouldn't hate you for that. No matter what, you're still my disciple.
Luka: I know.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako takes the locker key out of her pocket.
Luka: It's already been more than half a year, so the management probably took it away...
Rintaro: Half a year... I guess it's hopeless, then.
UNSPOKEN: This locker charges 200 yen per day. Normally, if a coin locker goes unpaid for more than a few days, the management retrieves the contents. And if the owner doesn't claim it within a month, it's usually thrown away. Meaning the IBN 5100 is already... Lukako goes to a large locker at the end of the row, inserts the key, and tries the lock.
Luka: Ah... it's not locked...
Rintaro: I guess that settles it.
UNSPOKEN: Sure enough, Lukako opens the door to reveal an empty locker.
Luka: ...I'm sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Either way, it doesn't matter. There's no point in retrieving a broken IBN 5100. But I don't tell her that.
Rintaro: It's not your fault. I'm the one who messed with the timeline. Everything that happened is my fault.
Luka: Kyouma-san...
UNSPOKEN: That's why I must bear the burden. Mayuri's pain. Suzuha's pain. Faris's pain. And now... Lukako's pain. Something occurs to me. What if... What if I send a D-Mail telling Lukako not to sweep the storehouse? How would that change the worldline? Would the IBN 5100 stay at Yanabayashi Shrine, ready for me to retrieve in August, as planned? Part of me wants to try sending that D-Mail. If it works, Lukako could stay a girl. No. I mustn't give into the temptation. My goal is to restore the worldline, not warp it further. Fix the past to save Mayuri. That is my mission.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Strange how?
Luka: Inside my mind, there are two memories about that old computer mixed together... The first is the memory of me breaking it. The other has no memory of it at all... The male me didn't break the computer. He swept the main shrine instead of the storehouse...
UNSPOKEN: So Lukako swept the storehouse because she became a girl. Because she swept the storehouse, she broke the IBN 5100, and deposited it into this coin locker. As a result, the IBN 5100 will never reach me. Is this the Butterfly Effect?
Luka: So there's no choice... I have to go back to being a guy.
UNSPOKEN: There's no longer any doubt in her eyes. There's no choice. She knows it as well as I. We return empty-handed to Yanabayashi Shrine, which is dyed scarlet by the setting sun. Lukako lets go of my hand after we arrive. We spent the whole walk hand-in-hand. Then she turns to me.
Luka: So this is goodbye...
Rintaro: Yeah.
Luka: I'm really happy... that I could train with you again.
UNSPOKEN: She smiles shyly again. But her cheeks are dyed pink. I can tell she's desperately holding back her tears. But those tears hold a different meaning than the ones I saw before I time leaped. At least, I'd like to think so.
Rintaro: I didn't really do anything... boyfriend-like for you, did I?
Luka: That doesn't matter.
Rintaro: Yeah, you're right.
UNSPOKEN: I'm sincerely relieved. Because Lukako smiled for me.
Luka: ...Please, save Mayuri-chan. Mayuri-chan is... really important to me.
Rintaro: Lukako...
Luka: Ahaha... um, please, go already. If you don't... I might cry... So, please... Thank you... for everything. Ah, this is when I use that phrase, right? Umm, El Psy Kongalee...
Rintaro: It's Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I find myself smiling. Lukako forces a smile too.
Luka: El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: She bows deeply. She doesn't raise her head. A sign for me to go already. I turn back to the archway at the shrine's entrance. My feet are heavy. They won't advance. I stop in front of the stairs. Then I take out my phone.
Kurisu: Okabe? Mayuri called. She was mad. You stood her up on your promise to go to ComiMa.
Rintaro: Christina. I need you to enter a number into the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: What? Explain yourself.
Rintaro: Please, just do it... I'm sending a D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: I hear a sigh on the other end of the phone.
Rintaro: The number is...
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Lukako's mother's pager number, with another string of numbers attached. *2*2292983183129298318312929 MeatMeatVegVegMeatMeatVegVeg. When she sees this, Lukako's mother will probably think it's a prank. And then she'll assume the D-Mail we sent earlier was also a prank. If that still doesn't change the worldline, we can just try something else. Pagers in 1992 didn't display the sender's number. Lukako's mother won't know who sent it. I already told Kurisu the timer setting. Everything's ready. I hang up once I confirm that the 42-inch CRT is on. Now I just need to call the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Then the worldline will change. Lukako will turn back into a guy. Her memories will disappear. Mayuri won't die today. However. I hesitate to open my address book. My thoughts turn to Lukako, who is probably still watching me from behind. If I turn around, what will I see on her face? I want to check, but I don't think she'd want that. Lukako finally smiled for me today, but I still have lingering reservations inside. This time, I'm about to sacrifice Lukako's memories. The memories of the 17 years she lived as a girl on this worldline. The memories of her parents, who rejoiced when their daughter was born. I'm about to erase all of that. But if I don't, I will be rejecting the 17 years Lukako lived as a guy. I will be rejecting the memories of his parents, who rejoiced when their son was born. Even so. Is it okay to turn Lukako back into a guy? I'm lost, and cannot take another step. I've sacrificed the memories of two friends already. The sight of their tears is burned into my mind. I... Something soft presses against my back. Lukako has embraced me from behind. I hear faint sobbing. What expression is she making now? Even without looking, I can tell.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Her words are like needles stabbing into my heart.
Luka: Because... because... If I change back into a guy... I'll have to hide my feelings for you! It would be wrong for me to love you, if I'm a guy...
UNSPOKEN: I have nothing against homosexuals. But unfortunately, I am heterosexual. I won't be able to answer Lukako's feelings if he's a guy.
Luka: My memories of today will vanish too... won't they? That we held hands and walked together... That we trained together after such a long time... That I'm touching Okabe-san's body right now... I don't want to forget... I don't! Because I love you... I love you, Okabe-san! I want to save Mayuri-chan too, and I understand there's no other way, but... It still hurts... At the very least, I want to keep my memories of today. If I'd known it would hurt this much... Then I never would've wished to become a girl in the first place.
Rintaro: Lukako...
Luka: Sniff... I'm sorry. I know 'that doesn't matter' to you, right? Sniff...
Rintaro: Even as a guy, you're still Lukako to me. That won't change.
Luka: Yes... It makes me happy to hear you say that... Okabe-san... please send the email. Please. Send it quickly... If you let me feel your warmth any longer, I... I might say even worse things... I can't hold back my feelings anymore!
Rintaro: Lukako...
UNSPOKEN: Is this really okay?
Luka: Okabe-san... please!
UNSPOKEN: I'm about to sacrifice someone again. Is it my place to make that decision? My fingers tremble around my phone. But Lukako embraces those trembling fingers with her own.
Luka: Will you... remember me?
Rintaro: ...Yes.
UNSPOKEN: With just one call to the PhoneWave (name subject to change), I can send a message to Luka's mother's pager.
Luka: Will you remember me... as a girl?
Rintaro: ...Yes.
UNSPOKEN: If I make the call...
Luka: Will you remember these four short days we were together?
Rintaro: ...Yes.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako places her finger on top of mine. On top of the Send button.
Luka: Thank you... Okabe-san. Farewell... my love...
Rintaro: No. I can't do it!
Luka: Okabe-san... Why?
Rintaro: I can't do it anymore... I can't sacrifice anybody else's memories!
UNSPOKEN: I've already trampled on Suzuha and Faris's memories. I turned a blind eye to their suffering, all the while telling myself it was to save Mayuri. I justified it by telling myself I would carry their burdens, but that was just a convenient excuse.
Rintaro: I don't have the right!
UNSPOKEN: I fall to my knees, unable to stand. The only way to save Mayuri is to send this D-Mail. There's no alternative. Even so, I don't have the right to erase Lukako's entire life as a girl. I can't do such an arrogant thing. More than anything, I don't want to lose the Lukako beside me right now.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri can't be saved. Mayuri's death... is fate. No matter how many worldlines I cross, convergence will occur. Mayuri will die... no matter what. I'm tired of it all. Mayuri. I'm sorry. My ego wasn't strong enough to sacrifice everything for your sake. The warmth of Lukako's hand slips away as the vertigo hits me. I'm still at the shrine, but I no longer feel Lukako clinging to my back. I turn around slowly.
Luka: ...?
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is standing a short distance away, as if to see me off. No tears. Just a bewildered smile. My chest feels like it's about to burst. I hold it back.
Rintaro: Hey, Lukako.
Luka: Yes?
Rintaro: You're...
UNSPOKEN: I hesitate for a moment, but I have to know.
Rintaro: You're a guy, right?
Luka: Um... yes?
UNSPOKEN: She is gone. He has returned. Cuter than any girl. Looks good in miko robes. But he's a guy. I bite my lip.
Rintaro: Do you... like me?
Luka: W-what? I... don't understand.
Rintaro: ...Do you like me?
Luka: Um... I respect you!
UNSPOKEN: He respects me? I don't deserve his respect. But that's not what matters now. Lukako's answer seemed clear, but wasn't. He didn't answer the question.
Luka: If I change back into a guy... I'll have to hide my feelings for you!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako might still like me, even though he's a guy again. However, he'll never speak honestly about those feelings. This is what Lukako decided for himself. It would be wrong to pry any further. Maybe I'm just running away. Maybe I should pry, force him to confront his feelings. But I'm not strong enough to accept the consequences. I'll just end up hurting Lukako.
Rintaro: Thanks. You are my disciple, now and forever. Agreed?
Luka: Y-yes! Of course I am.
UNSPOKEN: I look away, unable to bear his shy smile. The worldline has changed. Lukako is a guy again. Which means the IBN 5100 should be here at the shrine. On the previous worldline, girl Lukako broke the IBN 5100 while cleaning the storehouse. But guy Lukako didn't clean the storehouse. He never broke the IBN 5100. It's 6:46 PM. Judging by past experience, it is very likely that I've averted Mayuri's death for today. But just in case, I should get back to the lab within the hour.
Rintaro: Lukako, do you remember breaking an old computer in the shrine storehouse last year?
Luka: An old computer? No, I don't remember anything like that. I don't really understand computers. I haven't played with them much.
UNSPOKEN: When Lukako was a girl, she trembled when I asked her the same question. And then she forced a smile, as if to avoid admitting that she broke the computer. But he's not trembling now. Lukako honestly doesn't know.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I ask Lukako to fetch his father for me, so I can ask him whether or not the IBN 5100 was in the storehouse.
Luka’s Father: An old computer... yes, I do remember. I'll go check. Please wait a moment.
UNSPOKEN: He heads into the storeroom out back, just like on the previous worldline. But on the previous worldline, the IBN 5100 was no longer in the storehouse, since girl Lukako had secretly moved it. How will it turn out this time? Luka's dad returns after about 10 minutes. His expression is grave. That's all the answer I need. Nothing has changed.
Luka’s Father: It's gone. I couldn't find it anywhere.
UNSPOKEN: I quickly glance at Lukako's face. Blank. He doesn't seem to know anything. Lukako is innocent. I'm sure of it.
Luka’s Father: The lock to the storehouse was broken. Someone may have stolen it.
Rintaro: Stolen it?
UNSPOKEN: It didn't disappear? A thief took it?
Luka’s Father: There's evidence someone dragged something heavy away. That wasn't there at the end-of-the-year cleaning, and the lock wasn't broken when I checked last month. I never expected a thief would break in.
Luka: Then shouldn't we report it to the police?
UNSPOKEN: While they discuss what to do, I sigh and consider the situation.
Rintaro: This isn't going to work.
UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100 is still out of reach. There are two D-Mails left to cancel. Something tells me that if I cancel just one more, I can get back the IBN 5100. But which one?
Luka: Um, Okabe-san. I don't really understand, but please don't be sad. J-just go 'It matters not!' like you always do.
UNSPOKEN: I chuckle. Lukako's so adorable when he's trying to cheer me up. But he's a guy.
Rintaro: You're using that phrase wrong, you know.
UNSPOKEN: I wave goodbye and leave the shrine. Two D-Mails remain. First, the one I sent to myself with the winning LOTO SIX numbers. That one should be easy to cancel. The problem is the other one, the one sent by someone I wish I could forget. Kiryu Moeka. I know the gist of her D-Mail, since she sent it as part of our early experiments. When Moeka asked to send a D-Mail, I agreed under two conditions. First, make the contents simple enough that the D-Mail's effects would be obvious. Second, make the contents public to all lab mems. Moeka ended up sending a D-Mail to prevent herself from buying a new phone a few days prior. The D-Mail was sent to July 31st, an easy date to remember. The question is how it relates to the theft of the IBN 5100. It must be the Butterfly Effect, as it was with Lukako's D-Mail. This time, however, I will not hesitate to do what is necessary. Kiryu Moeka does not deserve my sympathy. That woman and her men have killed Mayuri more times than I can bear to remember. I will show her no mercy. There's just one problem. The cancellation D-Mail needs to be sent from Moeka's own phone. I don't think a message from me telling her not to change phones would sway Moeka's intentions in the slightest. I need her phone, but I don't know where to find her. What do I do? I return to the lab and set things up so I can time leap at a moment's notice.  Fortunately, that isn't necessary.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Is there more tomorrow?
Mayuri: Yeah, and the day after, too.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri just got back from ComiMa 30 minutes ago. She and Kurisu, who stayed behind at the lab, have just finished eating cup noodles. It's already past 8, and so far, nothing has happened. Mayuri is still alive. Going by the pattern, her death has probably been postponed until about this time tomorrow. Is this the will of some higher being? God, fate, the universe itself? Or is it merely coincidence? That doesn't matter now.
Mayuri: Okeydokey! Mayushii's got an early day tomorrow, so I'm going home.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a big stretch and starts getting ready to go home. She's been up since five this morning. Looks like she plans to wake up early tomorrow, too. That reminds me. I haven't seen Daru at all. He's fighting in the ComiMa Holy War too, so that doesn't surprise me. Busy checking his spoils, I guess.
Mayuri: Hey guys, why don't you come too?
Rintaro: I'll pass, but my assistant looks like she wants to go.
Kurisu: What!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jumps up at my answer.
Kurisu: Hey! Don't put words in my mouth!
Rintaro: I saw your eyes sparkling while you listened to Mayuri's cosplay stories.
Kurisu: Maybe, but nobody said anything about going.
Mayuri: Come on, Chris-chan!
UNSPOKEN: I know that Kurisu is an @channeler, but is she an otaku? Not all @channelers are otaku, but she has often hinted at an interest in cosplay.
Kurisu: No way. I'd suffocate in a crowd like that.
Mayuri: It's not as crowded on day two! If you're worried, come in the afternoon. All the popular stuff will be sold out, though.
Kurisu: You go, Okabe. You're Mayuri's guardian, aren't you?
Mayuri: No, Mayushii is Okarin's hostage!
Kurisu: Oh, right. That's what it was. Well you don't want your hostage to escape, do you? Shouldn't you take her along in handcuffs or something?
Rintaro: I've got business in Akiba.
Kurisu: What do you mean, business?
UNSPOKEN: The search for Kiryu Moeka. I already sent her an email -- We need to talk. -- and now I'm awaiting her reply. Something tells me it's not going to work.
Kurisu: No answer? I guess it was just an excuse.
Rintaro: Christina. We need to talk.
Kurisu: Again? Abrupt as usual.
Rintaro: Hm? What do you mean, again?
Kurisu: Nothing.
Mayuri: Whatcha gonna talk about? You two have been really close lately, huh? You're always talking together. Mayushii really wants to join in your secret meetings and stuff.
Rintaro: Don't worry. We've been talking about the Time Leap Machine. It would just be gibberish to you.
UNSPOKEN: Not entirely accurate, but not a lie either.
Rintaro: Besides, the purpose of this particular discussion is to convince Christina to attend ComiMa. Prepare for good news, Mayuri! Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Oh, great! Thanks, Okarin.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: So, Christina.
Kurisu: I'm not going to ComiMa.
Rintaro: You said 'again' just now. We've talked like this before, just the two of us?
Kurisu: Losing your memory now? Does our little mad scientist have an acetylcholine deficiency?
Rintaro: I'm being serious.
Kurisu: You're acting weird today. What's going on?
Rintaro: Please. I need to know.
Kurisu: I mean, yeah. This is like the fifth time you've brought me outside to talk about the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Have we talked about my time leaping?
UNSPOKEN: For an instant, Kurisu opens her eyes wide in surprise. But then, she gives me an angry glare.
Kurisu: You're time leaping?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: More than a dozen times already.
Kurisu: That many!? What the hell are you doing!?
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... Looks like she doesn't know anything about Lukako or my shifting between worldlines. But that's only natural. So far, I've changed worldlines a total of three times. Let's call the first worldline where Mayuri died Alpha 1. The worldline where Faris and I fought the Viral Attackers is Alpha 2. The worldline where I dated girl Lukako is Alpha 3. And now I'm on Alpha 4. From my perspective, Alpha 1, Alpha 2, and Alpha 3 were undone by my D-Mails. But for Kurisu and everyone else on Alpha 4, those worldlines were nothing but separate, intangible possibilities to begin with. I guess I have to explain everything again. I sigh heavily, then begin.
Kurisu: ...I think I get it.
UNSPOKEN: After I'm done, Kurisu sighs and lightly pats my arm.
Kurisu: Don't wear yourself out.
Rintaro: It's a disgrace to be comforted by my assistant.
Kurisu: Why are you always like that!? I'm even trying to be nice. You're really full of yourself, you know?
Rintaro: I don't need your sympathy. Everything that happened is my fault. I'm just getting what I deserve. ...Come to think of it, every time I explain this to you, I always end up hating myself in the end.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: Don't worry about me. Worry about Mayuri. Mayuri will probably die tomorrow. I don't know how it will happen.
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri stays away from the lab, she can probably avoid running into Moeka and her men. It doesn't matter, though. She'll die all the same. All Alpha worldlines converge on her death. Escaping the attractor field is the only way to save her.
Rintaro: Sorry about this, but I want you to be there when she dies tomorrow night.
Kurisu: That's why you want me to go to ComiMa?
Rintaro: There's nothing we can do to prevent her death. Just stay close and tell me when it happens. Once I know, I'll make the time leap.
Kurisu: I can't believe there's nothing we can do. It just doesn't feel real. But it's the truth, isn't it? I can see it in your eyes. ...Are you okay?
Rintaro: No. I still haven't saved Mayu--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu interrupts me.
Kurisu: Are you okay?
Rintaro: I don't follow.
Kurisu: You're carrying an awful burden.
UNSPOKEN: It's rare for her to look so concerned for me.
Rintaro: I told you not to worry about me. It's Mayuri you need to worry about. Tomorrow, I'm going to look for Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri doesn't die tomorrow, I can postpone the time leap. If Mayuri does die tomorrow, I'll return to the past no matter what.
Rintaro: I wish there were some way that Mayuri wouldn't have to suffer...
Kurisu: Then why don't you time leap now?
Rintaro: I can't plan effectively without knowing the deadline.
Kurisu: I don't want to see Mayuri die either, you know.
Rintaro: I know how you feel, but you're the only one I can ask.
Kurisu: Where did all this trust come from?
Rintaro: ...You're my assistant, after all.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu forces a laugh at my feeble attempt at a joke.
Kurisu: You're so full of yourself.
UNSPOKEN: We have our plan. Kurisu will go to her first ComiMa. Mayuri will be so delighted when I tell her the news. I haven't seen Mayuri all day. I want to be with her, of course, but that's not possible. Moeka hasn't replied, which means I have to find her myself. Unfortunately, I don't know anything about her. My only clue is Arc Rewrite, the company Moeka supposedly worked at. I find it after a quick search online. Sure enough, their business is producing articles for PC magazines. Luckily, their office is in Akiba. I try calling first, but it goes to voice mail. I guess they're still closed for the Obon holiday. Or maybe it's just a bad time? Looks like I've got no choice but to visit them in person. It's the second day of ComiMa and Akiba is deserted. Most of the otaku are lined up at Big Sight right now. I've experienced the craze of ComiMa several times firsthand. It's literal war. It scares me whenever Mayuri goes alone. I can't help but imagine her trampled by a horde of crazed otaku. But in reality, Mayuri's surprisingly quick and tough. I've seen her weave through crowds like you wouldn't believe. Kurisu's the one more likely to get trampled. I can't help but feel sorry for her. Maybe it was wrong to ask her to go. I find the Arc Rewrite office in a fancy-looking building on the outskirts of Akiba. I take the elevator up, but there's nobody there. I lean against the wall and wait. After about thirty minutes, a man dressed in shirt and tie appears. I explain that I'm a relative of Kiryu Moeka and ask for her contact info. But he gives an unexpected answer.
Male Staff-Member: We don't have an employee by that name.
Rintaro: You... don't?
UNSPOKEN: Damn! I've been tricked! I should have known better. Moeka is working for SERN. Of course her place of employment is fake. Is this the end of the line? Just as I'm about to turn around and leave, the man pounds his hand as if he remembered something.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Time leap...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka died yesterday around noon. I can go back to before that happened. The reason she died isn't important. Whether Mayuri's murderer kills herself is of no concern to me. I just need to cancel that D-Mail! Upon returning to the lab, I casually look up at the second floor window. And what I see shocks me to my core.
Rintaro: Electrical discharge!?
UNSPOKEN: Someone is using the Time Leap Machine! Who!? Mayuri and Daru should be at ComiMa. Not even Kurisu should be here. I asked her to escort Mayuri yesterday. Besides, she's against changing the past. So who!? The building shakes. The vibration reaches the street. I can't let this happen. The timeline mustn't be tampered with again! I need to stop it now! I race up the stairs to the lab. By the time I get there, the shaking has stopped. I quietly peek into the development room. Nobody's there. The door was unlocked. Anyone could have walked right in. How could we be so careless? The Time Leap Machine is still faintly warm. So somebody did use it. Who? Did they time leap? This is the first time someone else has used the Time Leap Machine. Just to make sure, I check the X68000. As expected, the history's been erased. The same thing happens when we send a D-Mail. ...There's nothing I can do about this. It worries me, but I have to focus on Moeka. I set up the Time Leap Machine. The maximum leap time is 48 hours. To leap more than that, you need to leap 48 hours and then leap again. The 42-inch CRT is on downstairs. That's plain as day, since the discharge phenomenon just occurred. I put on the headgear. Preparations complete. ...Should I really leap now? Don't be ridiculous. Of course I should. Just a little more, and I can save Mayuri once and for all. I know what will happen if I don't leap now. Mayuri will die, and I will taste that pain and despair once again. And then, I will leap. It's the same either way. ...I close my phone. There's no need to rush. Calm down. I can endure the pain, if need be. I should exploit my one advantage, the Time Leap Machine, to the fullest extent possible, and that means knowing exactly when Mayuri will die. The pattern suggests that Mayuri's death should happen around 7 or 8 tonight. But things are a little different this time. Moeka killed herself before Mayuri was scheduled to die. How much influence will that have on convergence? There's a chance Mayuri won't die. We might already have won. In that case, I shouldn't waste my effort time leaping. I have no obligation to save Moeka. I'll wait until Kurisu contacts me. It's 12:30 now. There are still about 7 hours left. I hear nothing but the slow, steady tick of the clock. The sound is echoing inside my head. Even if I plug my ears, it doesn't stop. I spent several hours searching for the IBN 5100, but as expected, I found nothing. I still can't imagine how Moeka's D-Mail affected the computer's whereabouts. What does her phone model have to do with anything? Does keeping the same phone somehow tell her that there's an IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine? That doesn't make sense. Even the Butterfly Effect must have limits. But on the other hand, truth is often stranger than fiction. Sometimes the simplest things have consequences that no one could ever imagine. So I can't rule it out entirely either.
Rintaro: In other words... I have nothing.
UNSPOKEN: I twist my lips into a sneer of self-mockery. It's 7:46 PM, the moment of truth. If Mayuri is indeed fated to die today, I should be hearing from Kurisu soon. I hope nothing happens. All that I ask is to hear Mayuri's voice -- to know, once and for all, that she is safe.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: An artificial melody cuts through the silence of the lab.
Rintaro: Hello!?
Kurisu: Okabe! She's... aah... why... I don't...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: She just... I saw it happen! She's dead! Mayuri's dead! This... this can't be... She s-suddenly collapsed. Why!? It doesn't make sense. She's not breathing. She won't answer at all. Please, Mayuri! Okabe, what should I... what do I do? Help! Please! Mayuri's dead!
Rintaro: ...I'm sorry for making you go through this.
UNSPOKEN: With that, I hang up the phone. Maybe it's because I didn't see it happen, or maybe my heart has simply grown numb. But this time, I don't feel much pain. I hate myself for it. I pound my fist against the table. My phone is ringing. There's only one thing that can mean. Mayuri is dead. For all my wishful thinking, I never really doubted this was going to happen. There's no need to confirm what I already know. Just as I thought, Mayuri is doomed to die on this worldline. Silently, I apologize to Kurisu for forcing her to watch it happen. As expected, the deadline is around 8 PM on the 16th. Unless I change the worldline before the time limit, Mayuri will die. I put on the headgear and activate the Time Leap Machine. I must obtain Moeka's phone, no matter what it takes! I make several consecutive leaps to travel back to the 11th. When I arrive, it's just past 8 PM.
Rintaro: I'm heading out.
UNSPOKEN: I leave the lab without waiting for the others to respond. Suddenly, the empty room is full of familiar faces. Mayuri is sitting on the sofa, working on her costumes and rubbing her tired eyes. Daru is at his PC, muttering to himself. Kurisu is in the development room, tinkering with the PhoneWave (name subject to change). Where is Moeka now? Should I try going to her apartment again? Honestly, I'm afraid to meet her face to face. I don't know what I might do. That woman killed Mayuri. Innocent Mayuri, sewing with all she's got... I've seen the blood drain from her body. I've seen the light fade from her eyes. If I see Moeka, will I be able to contain my rage? ...It doesn't matter. I can't run away. In order to save Mayuri, I must meet with Moeka. I head to Moeka's ratty apartment. There's no sign of the police this time. Moeka's suicide won't happen for another four days. I run up the iron stairs and stand in front of the door to unit 202. The lights aren't on inside. I start getting anxious. Maybe she's not here. There's no intercom, so I reluctantly knock on the door. No reply. I try again with the same result. Damn. Might as well try the doorknob. It's unlocked. I take a deep breath. This could be a trap. Remember, we're not dealing with an ordinary person. Moeka is a Rounder, an agent of SERN. If I die here, what will happen to Mayuri? Will Kurisu or Daru use the Time Leap Machine to save her? I need to be careful. But at the same time, I can't save Mayuri by doing nothing. So I steel myself, open the door, and peek inside. The apartment is dark, too dark to see. But I feel someone's presence. I step inside. The apartment is practically empty. Minimal furnishings. Only the barest necessities of life. But there, by the window, is a figure in the moonlight. A woman is sitting on the floor, her head bowed. There's no one else here. I approach the woman and stare down at her, gritting my teeth in a desperate effort to maintain control. Ever since the first time she killed Mayuri, I've tried my best to avoid thinking about this woman. But now, I have no choice. I can't accomplish my goal until I have the answers I need from her. I must obtain the IBN 5100 to escape the Alpha attractor field and rescue Mayuri.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I make several more attempts to take her phone while she babbles incoherently, but she just slaps my hand away each time. Next, I try persuasion. I promise to help her search for FB if she lends me her phone. It's a lie, of course, though come to think of it, I would like a piece of FB, too. But that can wait until after I've saved Mayuri.
Moeka: ...uugh...
UNSPOKEN: But Moeka doesn't buy it. If, that is, she heard me at all. Dammit. We're not getting anywhere. Maybe I should take it from her by force. But what if she tries to kill me before I can send the D-Mail? In her current state, she might not have the strength to retaliate. On the other hand, if she does retaliate, there's not much I can do against someone with a gun. What should I do? Her gun... Where would she keep it? I quickly scan the room, but there's no sign of it. Crap! That startled me. Could she have picked a worse time? I try again, this time asking nicely to borrow her phone. Moeka doesn't reply. She's staring at her phone. As she realizes that it's not her phone ringing, I see fresh tears pool in her eyes. She hangs her head.
Moeka: Why won't you respond, FB? You're the one who recruited me...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka starts typing yet another mail. I guess she really doesn't recognize me. This is frustrating. Why is she acting like the victim here? Does she think she's a tragic heroine? Does she think she deserves sympathy? You don't have the right to be so weak. It's Mayuri who deserves sympathy, not you. She died countless times because of you! Murderer. I swallow the word before it passes my lips.
Rintaro: ...Dammit.
UNSPOKEN: I check my phone. It's Kurisu calling. I stand up and move to the entrance, where I can take the call without letting Moeka out of my sight.
Rintaro: Hello?
Kurisu: Finally. Where are you?
Rintaro: Hello.
UNSPOKEN: I stand up and move to the entrance, where I can take the call without letting Moeka out of my sight.
Kurisu: Where are you?
Rintaro: ...Sorry, I'm busy.
Kurisu: Is it woman? You're with a woman, aren't you?
Rintaro: Is that the first thing that comes to mind? You really are a mainstream girl.
Kurisu: Shut up. You promised you'd help with the PhoneWave, remember? Or is your lab mem number just for show?
Rintaro: Get Daru to help. I can't do it today.
Kurisu: ...What are you doing? Where are you?
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka's apartment.
Kurisu: So you are with a woman. You're the worst.
UNSPOKEN: Has she not met Moeka on this worldline? I quickly give Kurisu a simplified version of the usual explanation. Kurisu listens attentively, as she always does. Maybe she's more considerate than I give her credit for. As soon as I finish, Kurisu gives it to me straight.
Kurisu: You have to take it from her by force.
Rintaro: You've seen too many Hollywood movies.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Gee, thanks. At least she's not beating around the bush. Suddenly, she lowers her voice.
Kurisu: You might think I'm a monster for saying this... not that I care what you think, but... Kill her if you have to.
Rintaro: You're a monster. But you're not a hypocrite, and that's what I love about you, Christina.
Kurisu: L-love!? Uh...
UNSPOKEN: What's the matter with her now?
Rintaro: I mean it. I wish my conviction were as strong as yours.
Kurisu: ...Well, thanks.
Rintaro: But that's not all, right? There's a reason you're willing to suggest murder as an option. How did you reach that conclusion?
Kurisu: Good, you're still thinking. I can't be certain whether your story is true, and I don't quite understand this attractor field hypothesis. But based on what you told me... If this Kiryu woman commits suicide four days from now, then that means her death flag is already active. In other words, this worldline has approved her death. On previous worldlines where that wasn't the case, you probably couldn't have killed her even if you tried. Something would have happened to prevent it. Or possibly, killing her would have caused a dramatic shift in worldline divergence. But on this specific worldline, her death is already certain. As you've experienced with Mayuri's death, the result is what matters, not the process. I believe the same applies to Kiryu. It doesn't matter how she dies.
UNSPOKEN: In other words, I can kill her instead of letting her commit suicide?
Rintaro: She's already going to die, so that makes it okay. That the kind of argument a murderer would make.
Kurisu: Don't be a hypocrite. We're not talking about right and wrong here, Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: She's unforgiving as always, but it actually feels nice to speak frankly like this.
Rintaro: But what about the law? Even if fate forgives me, society won't.
Kurisu: As long as you have the Time Leap Machine, you can undo anything, even murder. The result will be that you gained the necessary information without killing anybody.
Rintaro: I understand.
Kurisu: ...Phew. Just remember one thing. You're responsible for what you do. ...I guess that's quite a thing for me to say, huh? After telling you to kill her.
Rintaro: It's fine. Your advice was truly becoming of a mad scientist.
Kurisu: Get it done, Okabe. Bye.
UNSPOKEN: She hangs up without another word. Strangely, I find Kurisu's harsh tone encouraging.
Rintaro: Who does she think she is, a general?
UNSPOKEN: I manage a smirk as I close my phone. Moeka's still sitting on the floor. Kill her if you have to, Kurisu said. Moeka did the same to us. She doesn't deserve mercy. Kill her or let her live. It's my choice, my responsibility. Even after I undo the murder, the memory of my crime will remain with me. That sin -- that guilt -- I'll have to carry that weight. I mustn't ever forget. That's what Kurisu meant when she spoke of responsibility. Murder is unforgivable, no matter the circumstances. Can you understand that, Kiryu Moeka? I reach for Moeka's phone. This time, there's no hesitation.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's face twists in pain and she struggles to escape my grasp. My guillotine choke seems to be working. She doesn't have the strength to resist. If I push any harder, she really might die. I push harder. Moeka writhes in pain. Tears fall from her eyes and drool from her mouth. As her resistance weakens, my right hand finds Moeka's phone. She still has it in a tight grip, but I manage to tear it away.
Moeka: Gehh, gehhehuggehgehoh--
UNSPOKEN: I quickly release Moeka and step away.
Moeka: Gehohgehohgehoh, khah, ga... beh.. gh...
UNSPOKEN: She bends over and coughs violently. But still she reaches out to me with tears in her eyes. She wants her phone back. I don't care. I look at the screen. It shows an email draft with a string of FBs entered. I clear the text and start typing a new mail. But her phone's different from mine, so I don't quite know how to use it. Let's see...
Moeka: Gehohgehoh, bi...na...
UNSPOKEN: Startled, I look up to see Moeka staggering to her feet. She's like a goddamn zombie. I quickly run outside and close the door behind me. Then I lean my entire body weight onto it so she can't open it from the inside. The doorknob rattles as she tries to open the door. Then she starts pounding on the inside. It's a good thing doors in Japan open out. You wouldn't see this in a Hollywood movie. Anyway, I have her phone. Now I just need to pretend to be Moeka, and send the cancellation D-Mail. Moeka's changes to the past will be canceled. The worldline will change. The IBN 5100 will come back to me. And then we'll hack into SERN. Mission Complete. Fate won't have Mayuri this time! Victory will be mine!
Kurisu: This is Makise.
Rintaro: Get ready for a D-Mail!
Kurisu: Okay, but what's that noise!?
Rintaro: I'm having a little trouble here.
Kurisu: So you didn't kill her. Good job!
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Moeka's address.
Kurisu: It's ready.
Rintaro: And Mayuri?
Kurisu: Still here. She's at the Braun Tube Workshop trying to get the manager to turn on the CRT.
Rintaro: You didn't tell her anything, did you?
Kurisu: About her death? Of course not.
Rintaro: Good. Don't hang up yet.
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone down and resume typing into Moeka's phone. A middle aged lady comes out of the apartment next door. Our eyes meet, so I put on a forced smile. The lady grins mockingly before going back inside. I wonder what she was thinking. Maybe she thought it was a lover's quarrel. In the mail, I write Model changeDo it now!!! B4 sold out! Moeka's D-Mail said Don't change models. The desire for limited edition, hard-to-find products is hard-coded into Japanese DNA. Appealing to that instinct should work. The insistent pounding on the door grows louder. And now I hear groaning from the other side. I can't believe how persistent she is. Is her phone really that important to her? But I've already won. All I have to do is send the D-Mail. I'll never forgive you, Moeka, but at least our relationship ends here. Let this be the last time we meet. I raise the phone to eye level. I take a deep breath. It ends now. I press Send.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: No vertigo. No dizziness. Nothing. Reading Steiner didn't activate.
Rintaro: What? Why?
UNSPOKEN: Why didn't the worldline change? Did the PhoneWave fail to function? I bring my own phone back to my ear. Kurisu is still on the line.
Rintaro: Well!?
Kurisu: Did you send it?
Rintaro: Yes. Did it work!?
Kurisu: The discharge is occurring as normal.
Rintaro: So it worked, right?
Kurisu: Definitely.
Rintaro: The worldline didn't change!
Kurisu: You mean it failed? Why?
UNSPOKEN: Consider the possibilities.
Rintaro: Maybe the message wasn't enough to persuade Moeka to change models.
Kurisu: Could we have sent it to the wrong date?
Rintaro: It's July 31st. I'm sure of it.
Kurisu: Check when the original D-Mail arrived. Maybe her reaction will change if the new one arrives just after that.
Rintaro: What a pain!
UNSPOKEN: The pounding on the door has ceased. Did she finally give up? No, she wouldn't give up. Does she plan to climb out the window and loop around? But we're on the second floor. That would be quite a feat. I should still have some time left.
Kurisu: Try sending different messages. If that doesn't work, I'll adjust the timer.
Rintaro: You're a lifesaver. What's going on there? Is Mister Braun freaking out?
Kurisu: I can hear him shouting from below. Hashida and Mayuri are trying to calm him down, but who knows how long that'll last. I don't think there's much time left.
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone into my pocket without hanging up. I change the message and send another D-Mail. ...But still, nothing happens. I make another one. Send. ...No good. Why? What am I doing wrong? I'd like to ask Moeka, but if I go back inside now, she'll probably just attack me. Which reminds me, she's been awfully quiet. What is she doing now? Maybe she really did go out the window. I look around. I don't see her anywhere. Think. Why didn't the D-Mail work? I wipe the sweat from my brow. My entire body is soaked. It must be the adrenaline. What if Moeka changed addresses when she got a new phone? I take out my phone.
Rintaro: Are you there?
Kurisu: Still not working?
Rintaro: I tried two more times, but nothing.
UNSPOKEN: I frantically consider my options as I stare hard at Moeka's phone. The walkway is dim, but Moeka's gaudy purple phone shines in the faint light. Wait. I take another good look at the phone. There's something wrong here. What is it?
Kurisu: Okabe? What's wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Gaudy purple. Latest model. Removable LCD screen. Model number GG01. My eyes tell me there's nothing wrong. I saw this phone when Moeka sent her D-Mail, and many times before. She was never without it. It's the same. Nothing has changed.
Rintaro: Nothing... changed?
Kurisu: Huh? What hasn't changed?
UNSPOKEN: Why hasn't it changed? Why is it the same as before Moeka sent her D-Mail? Moeka's D-Mail said don't change models. She should have had a different phone when she sent it. But she didn't. It was the same phone I'm holding right now. There's only one explanation. She never changed models to begin with.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: She lied to me! Moeka's D-Mail wasn't about her phone! That explains how it affected the IBN 5100. It also explains why my cancellation D-Mails aren't working.
Rintaro: That sneaky little...!
UNSPOKEN: The door violently shakes behind my back. It's much stronger than before. She must be ramming something hard and heavy against the door. I quickly move away from the door. The door shakes again. I can see the frame starting to warp.
Rintaro: She's crazy!
UNSPOKEN: I suppose I should be thankful she doesn't have a gun, but honestly, this is terrifying enough. It chills my blood to think of what her face must look like now. I've never been the target of such single-minded obsession before. But unfortunately, I can't run away. I need to face Moeka again and wring the information out of her. Both Faris and Lukako remembered their D-Mails. With prodding, Moeka will remember too. I need that information. Crap... I don't want to go in there. My teeth are chattering. This is pathetic. I thought I'd won when I snatched her phone! But now my advantage is gone.
Kurisu: Okabe! Okabe!? Answer me!
Rintaro: ...Christina.
Kurisu: What's that pounding? Are you okay?
Rintaro: Moeka's D-Mail wasn't about a model exchange.
Kurisu: What do you mean!?
Rintaro: She must have changed the text right before we sent it. That's why the cancellation mails aren't working.
Kurisu: Did you check her history? It might still be there.
Rintaro: Her arrival history...
UNSPOKEN: Of course! Even if it's not in her sent history, it should still be in the arrival history. I glare at the purple phone in my hand. It's a good thing Moeka didn't change phones. Now I know exactly where the D-Mail went.
Rintaro: I should have thought of that. Checking now!
UNSPOKEN: For a second there, I thought it would be easy. I should have known better. Moeka is not a casual phone user. Her mailbox has literally hundreds of entries over the last week, almost all from FB. Some of my mails are sprinkled in. I don't have time to search through each of these mails, even just the subject lines. Not to mention the pounding on the door is freaking me out.
Rintaro: ...Christina, I seem to be in a spot of trouble. If I fail, I'm leaving the rest to you.
Kurisu: Don't be ridiculous! If you're in trouble, then get out of--
UNSPOKEN: I hang up. The lady next door comes out again, alarmed by the escalating noise. She glares at me. But when she sees the magnitude of the door's damage, the lady opens her eyes in shock and runs back inside. I'm not leaning against the door anymore. Moeka could just open it, but she hasn't realized that. She's so fixated on getting her phone back, she'd destroy her own door. In any case, I don't have time to check her mail history. I put the phones into my pockets and move to the side of the door. I carefully grip the doorknob and wait for the interval between bangs. Now. I yank the door open. A coffee table flies out and smashes into the walkway railing.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100? Moeka, you fool, you let your tongue slip! Two weeks ago, FB told her to leave the IBN 5100 at a drop point. That means she already had it in her possession at that time. I recall how Moeka kept bombarding me with questions about the IBN 5100. I might have let it slip that I found the computer at Yanabayashi Shrine. After that, she sent her D-Mail. The worldline changed. The lock was broken on the shrine's storehouse door. The IBN 5100 was gone. These facts point to one conclusion. She sent herself the location of the IBN 5100! Now that I know, it seems so obvious. If only I hadn't trusted Moeka. If only I had seen through her lies. But no, I played right into her hands. I was the tool's tool. I almost burst into self-deriding laughter. But I desperately hold it back, and keep a straight face.
Rintaro: What was the designated location?
Moeka: The coin locker... in front of Daibiru...
UNSPOKEN: The coin locker in front of Daibiru... Wait, isn't that where Lukako hid the IBN 5100 on the previous worldline? Is this another effect of convergence? Can I retrieve the IBN 5100 if I go there now? No, I can't expect it to still be there. Remember what happened with Lukako. The invisible force of convergence is keeping the IBN 5100 away from me. If I want to get it back, I need to cancel Moeka's D-Mail. I know the message. I've already reached my goal.
Moeka: *sob*...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka starts crying softly. I sigh deeply and lift myself off Moeka's body. Then I lean back against the wall and stretch my aching limbs. I take Moeka's phone out of my pocket.
Rintaro: I'm using your phone.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka slowly gets up. She wipes her tears and fixes her hair and clothes. Her wavy hair obscures her face from this angle, so I can't make out her expression. She doesn't react to what I said. Even though I'm no longer restraining her, she doesn't try to attack me and take back her phone. I open Moeka's mailbox and search for the D-Mail. It takes about three minutes, but I finally find it. Three mails from Moeka's own phone, each 12 characters long, sent on August 4th and received on July 31st. RetroPC's at Yanabayashi Shrine Just as I suspected. Moeka changed her D-Mail in the few seconds I had my back turned. All I need to do now is send the cancellation mail.
Kurisu: Okabe!?
Rintaro: You at the lab?
Kurisu: Haah... don't worry me like that... idiot...
Rintaro: What, were you worried about me?
Kurisu: I-I mean, you set off an obvious death flag. I'm surprised you're still alive!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: I'm standing by at the lab.
Rintaro: Set up the machine. I'm sending another D-Mail.
Kurisu: Destination?
Rintaro: ...July 31st, 11 AM.
Kurisu: 11 AM on the 31st...
UNSPOKEN: While Kurisu calculates the hours, I type the mail. It says Do NOT go!!  Not @shrine! It's a trap! I address the mail to the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Okay, all set.
Rintaro: Alright, activate it.
Kurisu: Activated.
UNSPOKEN: I press the send button. The mail starts sending. Reading Steiner should activate. This time for sure. I brace myself for the incoming vertigo.
Kurisu: ...Well?
Rintaro: Nothing. Why won't it change!?
Kurisu: Another mistake?
Rintaro: No, there's no way! I know what Moeka's message said. This D-Mail should have canceled it.
UNSPOKEN: Why isn't it working? What the hell's wrong this time?
Kurisu: What did the first D-Mail say?
Rintaro: That the IBN 5100 was at Yanabayashi Shrine. I tried to cancel it by telling her it's a trap, but it didn't work. I'll try to phrase it differently.
Kurisu: Wait. We went through this with the LOTO SIX experiment, remember?
UNSPOKEN: The LOTO SIX experiment... I sent myself the winning numbers, but the past me didn't buy the ticket. Instead, he gave the winning numbers to Lukako.
Kurisu: The person who reads the D-Mail chooses whether or not to act accordingly. Kiryu learned that the IBN 5100 was at the shrine. Though the cancellation mail came right afterward, I guess she ignored it and went anyway.
Rintaro: Maybe she didn't believe the cancellation mail. Or maybe she was so diligent she decided to check it out even when told not to.
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Moeka. She's still hanging her head, but her tears have run dry. I wonder if she's listening.
Kurisu: Damn. Even when told it was too risky to go to the shrine, she went anyway...
Rintaro: We need a more persuasive message. Something that will prevent her from going to the shrine.
Kurisu: Like what?
UNSPOKEN: That's the problem. Is it possible to persuade her with just 36 bytes of text? Or should we consider other possibilities?
Rintaro: What if I send a D-Mail to myself on July 30th? Could I beat her to the IBN 5100?
Kurisu: Were you even interested in the IBN 5100 then?
UNSPOKEN: When did I start caring about the IBN 5100? I can't remember. Fine. That's out. So how do I convince Moeka to listen? At that moment, an electric shock runs through my brain. Two initials.
Rintaro: ...FB.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Moeka's handler. She's obsessed with FB. If the mail comes from FB, she'll do whatever it says.
Kurisu: Do you have FB's phone?
Rintaro: No. They haven't even met. We don't know where FB is.
Kurisu: Then there's nothing we can do.
Rintaro: ...Give me a little time.
Kurisu: Gonna make me wait again? Well, I've been pulling all-nighters recently, so whatever. Just don't do anything stupid, okay?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's a mailing machine. She sent FB nearly 10 mails a day, but FB replied to every single one. You'd have to be a saint to reply to all those emails. No wonder Moeka was so dependent on FB.
Rintaro: So... time for another stakeout.
UNSPOKEN: I have Daru set up a wireless infrared camera on the telephone pole down the street. We park a couple blocks away and watch the video feed. The next day, Tennouji goes to work on his moped like usual. He returns after sunset. There's no sign of his daughter, Nae, or his wife. Something finally happens early Sunday morning. Just before 3 AM, six people show up at Tennouji's house.
Rintaro: It's them!
UNSPOKEN: It's dark, but I recognize them. They're the Rounders who raided the lab with Moeka. Moeka doesn't show much of a reaction. I thought she knew them. I ask, but she says she's never met them before. It looks like this worldline's Moeka has been cut off completely. Were they done with her once she found them an IBN 5100? Tennouji comes outside and loads the IBN 5100 into the station wagon. Then the six men get in and drive away. Tennouji sees them off, then goes back inside his house. 
Moeka: What now?
UNSPOKEN: I'm interested in Tennouji's story, but the IBN 5100 will lead us to FB. We decide to follow the station wagon. The pursuit ends at Narita International Airport. The six men, IBN 5100 in tow, board a plane headed for France. France. SERN's home country. What does this mean?
Rintaro: Tennouji's wife might be FB.
UNSPOKEN: Since there's been no sign of FB this far, she must be an extremely cautious individual. But the evidence suggests only one possibility. On worldline Alpha 1, Moeka's men attacked the night the Time Leap Machine was completed. Their timing was perfect. It makes sense if you assume that Tennouji is closely linked to FB. He was right downstairs the whole time we were discussing our plans. FB knew exactly what we were up to. We were dancing to her tune all along. When we get back to Akiba, Moeka and I start walking towards Tennouji's house. But on the way, I get an angry call from Kurisu demanding an update, so I decide to take care of that first. Kurisu sighs when she sees me.
Kurisu: I thought I asked you to keep me posted.
Rintaro: I've been busy.
Kurisu: Busy. Right.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka.
Rintaro: Were you worried about me?
Kurisu: O-of course not! Why should I care what you're up to? It's just... Mayuri was really worried. I don't want to see her sad. So at least give her a call, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Now that she mentions it, it feels like I haven't talked to Mayuri in forever.
Rintaro: I'm doing this to save Mayuri. I'm close to discovering our true enemy.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka again. Moeka is completely expressionless. She's lightly kicking the dirt in boredom. She hasn't used her phone once since we began the search for FB.
Kurisu: Isn't she our enemy?
Rintaro: She is an enemy, but we're cooperating in order to uncover the truth.
Kurisu: Isn't she the one who... killed Mayuri?
Rintaro: ...Yes.
UNSPOKEN: However, Moeka's just a pawn, and one that no longer poses a threat. To save Mayuri, I need to capture the king. Well, the king's cellphone.
Kurisu: Whatever. So where are you going now? Take me with you.
Rintaro: Have you gone mad, assistant mine?
Kurisu: I'm perfectly sane, and I'm not your assistant.
Rintaro: It could be dangerous.
Kurisu: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu falters for a moment, but quickly tightens her expression.
Kurisu: Do I die today?
UNSPOKEN: I've experienced the future, so I know who dies today.
Rintaro: No. You don't die.
Kurisu: Then there's no problem. This worldline has essentially guaranteed my survival.
UNSPOKEN: Right. Kurisu doesn't die today. Neither does Mayuri. The only person who dies today is... Kiryu Moeka. This afternoon, she kills herself. I've already told Moeka her fate. But in spite of that, Moeka doesn't seem upset -- at least on the surface. She's expressionless as always. The only difference is that she's not checking her phone as often. But Moeka's not a strong woman. Beneath that expressionless mask, is she struggling against the fear of death? I decide to confront Tennouji directly. I have Kurisu stand guard outside the house while Moeka and I go inside. Not that we're planning to break in. We ring the doorbell like honest citizens. Tennouji soon opens the door and invites us into the living room. The divergence meter is sitting in its usual spot. I glance at the numbers. 0. 523307%. There's still a long way to go before I reach one percent. How much more of this can I take?
Tennouji: Make yerselves at home.
UNSPOKEN: It's just after dawn, much too early for guests, but Tennouji welcomes us with a smile. He even starts preparing some instant coffee.
Rintaro: You're an early riser, Mister Braun.
Tennouji: Yeah. Gotta see my little girl off to school. I know it's summer break, but habits die hard.
Rintaro: Is your daughter still asleep?
Tennouji: Hey. You thinking of trying something while she's sleeping? Touch her and I'll break your head, got it?
Rintaro: Don't worry.
UNSPOKEN: I'm more interested in his wife. There's still no sign of her. Is she asleep too? Or could she be hiding somewhere? I'd like to do a thorough search of the house, but of course that's impossible. And then there's what he said just now about seeing Nae off to school. That sounded like something a single father would say. I suspected that FB was Tennouji's wife, but that may have been a mistake. Maybe Tennouji is just another courier after all. Maybe he doesn't even know about FB. There's the possibility that FB might not even be in Akiba. I need answers. But how do I get them? Moeka is just staring at the floor. I can't count on her for any bright ideas. And whether or not Tennouji's wife is FB, I don't think this man will fall for any tricks. I decide to go for the direct approach.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I grind my teeth.
Rintaro: I can't believe you're a Rounder! You, of all people! Hashida Suzu didn't give you a home so you could turn it into a safehouse for SERN!
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji's smile stiffens for a second. But then he slaps his knee and laughs.
Tennouji: You knew Suzu-san? You should've said something!
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji and I haven't spoken about Suzuha on this worldline.
Tennouji: Anyway, what gives you the right to speak for her, huh? She died ten years ago. You were what, eight? How do you know how she'd feel?
Rintaro: ...She told me.
UNSPOKEN: I glare at Tennouji. The anger and frustration are overwhelming.
Rintaro: She was here, in this time, not five days ago!
Suzuha: I'll bring it to you here in Akihabara. That's my duty, and I'll see it through. The rest is up to you. Change the future. Please.
UNSPOKEN: I still remember her words vividly. Though it feels like it's been forever since she spoke them, in objective time, it was just a few days ago.
Rintaro: She was right there, and you never knew it! Hashida Suzu... no, Amane Suzuha was a time traveler! She came from the future to stop SERN!
Tennouji: Wha...t?
Rintaro: You never noticed, FB? The woman who saved your life came from the year 2036. She was one of us, a lab member, the daughter of Hashida Itaru. Suzuha hated SERN! And here you are, a man who owes her everything, doing their dirty work! Is this how you honor Suzuha's memory!?
Tennouji: Stop making shit up!
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji thrusts his gun at me. I barely manage to keep from flinching.
Rintaro: How did you turn out this way?
Tennouji: Fuck you! It's complicated.
UNSPOKEN: Complicated... Is that supposed to be an excuse?
Moeka: Are you... really FB?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I bite down hard on my lip. I pound my fists against the floor.
Rintaro: You left your daughter all alone!
UNSPOKEN: He meant to protect her with his sacrifice, but what is Nae supposed to do now? 
Rintaro: How could you die with a smile!?
UNSPOKEN: All Rounders are expendable, he said. Does that mean FB was just another pawn? Is that how SERN operates? That's insanity! This can't be real. Nae. Is she still asleep in the next room, blissfully unaware of her father's suicide? How do I explain this to her... Should I run? Again, strictly speaking, my purpose is to obtain FB's phone. Once I send the D-Mail and change the worldline, all of this will be undone. I can run like a coward, and no one will know. ...I'll know. I timidly slide open the door to Nae's bedroom. It looks like you'd expect. There's a red backpack hanging next to the desk, and there's a futon laid out on the floor. But Nae isn't there. The window is open. The lace curtains are waving, as if to invite the fresh morning breeze inside.
Rintaro: ...She's gone?
UNSPOKEN: Where did she go? No... don't tell me SERN kidnapped her? I don't even know if she was here when we arrived. None of this makes sense. This isn't the world I know.
Rintaro: ...His phone.
UNSPOKEN: I need Tennouji's phone. I'm relieved Nae isn't here. I don't have to tell her about her father's death. I find Tennouji's phone in his pants pocket. I was ready to kill him for it if I had to. I never thought he would kill himself. And now I'm looting his dead body like a hyena scavenging for scraps of meat. I make myself want to puke. I leave as soon as I have the phone, dragging the catatonic Moeka with me. We regroup with Kurisu, who was worried sick waiting outside, and hail a taxi. I wish we hadn't spent so much time parked near Tennouji's house. Once the body is found, the police might trace the rental car back to us. Maybe we should have reported it first, but I'd rather not have to answer any questions. Besides... soon, none of this will have happened.
Kurisu: ...So the manager was FB.
UNSPOKEN: First, we take Moeka back to her apartment. There, I explain to Kurisu what happened. Moeka didn't say a word on the way back. Now she's sitting on the floor by the entrance, staring off into space. It must have been quite a shock to hear Tennouji's -- FB's -- confession. The one person she trusted betrayed her. She may never recover. But were Tennouji's actions really a betrayal? I'm not quite convinced. Something felt off back there. Rounders who complete their mission are eliminated. No exceptions. That's what FB said. But in that case, why wasn't Moeka killed?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: This may just be wishful thinking. We'll never know FB's true intentions. But I want to believe that Tennouji did care for her, that there was a place for Moeka somewhere. ...What am I doing? Why am I trying to comfort Moeka? Maybe I'm just soft.
Kurisu: Okabe! We need to send the D-Mail now.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's expression is grave.
Kurisu: Miss this chance, and you could be in a lot of trouble.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu had the same thought as me.
Kurisu: Your goal is to save Mayuri, not take revenge on SERN. Right? ...I don't want anyone else to be hurt because of the machine we built.
Rintaro: ...Yeah. You're right.
UNSPOKEN: FB's phone is in my possession. There's no longer any reason to stay on this worldline. It's only a matter of time until the police come looking for us. I should send the D-Mail immediately. When I do, the present will be reconstructed. Tennouji will still be alive. Moeka will still be in contact with FB. And at last, the IBN 5100 will return to me. I just need to think about saving Mayuri, and all will be well.
Rintaro: Do you think Daru's still in the lab?
Kurisu: I'll try calling.
UNSPOKEN: I'll send the same message I tried to send earlier from Moeka's phone. Only this time, it will be from FB's phone. When Moeka sees it, she'll believe it to be an order from FB. Knowing her dependence on FB, she'll obey without question. It makes me sick to be taking advantage of Moeka's vulnerabilities like this. How am I any different from FB?
Kurisu: He said he'll be there in five minutes.
UNSPOKEN: So we just wait until then.
Kurisu: By the way, something weird happened back there.
UNSPOKEN: After closing her phone, Kurisu glances at Moeka and lowers her voice.
Kurisu: While I was waiting outside, I heard a gunshot. And right after that... I saw her.
Rintaro: Her... who?
UNSPOKEN: I ask, even though I already know the answer. There's only one person it could be.
Kurisu: Nae-chan. She ran out the back door. When I called her to stop... our eyes met.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bites her lip, as if fighting an unpleasant memory. It happened right after she heard the gunshot. If that's true, then Nae saw her father die. She saw her father die... and ran away.
Rintaro & Kurisu: Wha!?
UNSPOKEN: There's a knock on the door. Someone's here. Who? Moeka, who had been squatting by the entrance, slowly lifts her head. This is wrong. The timing's too perfect. Today, Kiryu Moeka dies. This worldline has already approved that fate. Has it come for her already? Moeka reaches for the doorknob.
Rintaro: Wait! Don't--
UNSPOKEN: I try to stop her. But too late. Moeka is already turning the doorknob. The door opens slowly. And there stands...
Nae: Hi!
UNSPOKEN: An innocent greeting. A child's voice. Familiar. How did she find this place? How did she get here? Why did she come here? She ran away. Our eyes met. Right after I heard the gunshot.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I stare in shocked silence. Neither of us can move a muscle.
Nae: Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: My heart skips a beat. I feel like someone just walked over my grave.
Nae: I'll come for you in fifteen years. I hope you spend them quivering in terror. Aha! Ahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Nae tosses the knife away and leaves, laughing all the while. I hear the sound of her footsteps pattering down the stairs. Soon they fade away, leaving us in silence.
Rintaro: Wh-what the hell was that? A demon? Was she possessed?
UNSPOKEN: My entire body is shaking. I have to struggle just to move a finger.
Rintaro: W-what about Moeka!?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka's clothes are soaked in blood. There's a gaping wound in her abdomen where Nae stabbed her.
Kurisu: Calm down!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu yells for me to come to my senses, and then she takes out her phone.
Kurisu: Check on Kiryu-san! I'll call an ambulance. No, wait! Before that... Maybe you should just send the D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: Even now, Kurisu is calm. I feel an irrational surge of anger at her composure, but I know that she's right. Once I send the D-Mail, this worldline will be undone. I know that, but still I run to Moeka's side. When I lift her up in my arms, I see that her chest is already covered in blood.
Rintaro: Moeka!
UNSPOKEN: She's my enemy.
Rintaro: Hang in there!
UNSPOKEN: She killed Mayuri.
Rintaro: Can you hear me!? Moeka!
UNSPOKEN: I can't understand her. I can't forgive her. And yet, I can't help but call her name. Because in a sense, she's a victim too. Moeka slowly opens her eyes. Her eyes are blank and unfocused. She's fading fast.
Moeka: ...I... k...ed...
UNSPOKEN: She tries to speak, but her voice catches in her throat. I bring my ear closer to her lips.
Moeka: I... killed... ...someone... ...precious... to you...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I silently squeeze Moeka's hand. Moeka doesn't squeeze back. She no longer has the strength.
Moeka: I had... nothing... except FB... The only... place... I belonged... I would... kill... to protect it... You're right... to hate me... I'm... so...rry...
Rintaro: I forgive you.
UNSPOKEN: The words come to my lips unbidden. But as soon as I speak them, I understand why. Moeka does not kill Mayuri on this worldline. Even if she could, it would not happen until tomorrow. This Moeka, the one dying in my arms, is innocent. And yet, even now, she says, I'm sorry. How can I not answer her?
Rintaro: I forgive you.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps the words are meaningless. Forgiving Moeka will not cure Nae's hate. Neither will Moeka's death. I don't even know if I truly mean what I'm saying. But still, I remember what Kurisu said. My goal is to save Mayuri, not avenge her. So here, now...
Rintaro: I forgive you.
UNSPOKEN: The anguish seems to fade from Moeka's face. Her eyes slowly close. A tear slides down Moeka's cheek. Her hand slips from my grasp. She is no longer breathing. Biting my lip, I lay Moeka to rest on the floor. I place her purple phone in her hands.
Kurisu: ...Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu calls to me in a weak voice.
Kurisu: I think you should send the D-Mail. Everything's ready at the lab.
Rintaro: Yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka and FB are gone, but Mayuri's fate remains unchanged. The universe still demands her death.
Rintaro: Hey, Christina. When I send the D-Mail and change divergence, do you think Moeka's fate will change?
Kurisu: Based on the attractor field model you spoke of... She'll be more likely to live if divergence exceeds 1%. ...Sorry. I wish I knew what to say.
Rintaro: Don't worry about it.
UNSPOKEN: I stand up. Moeka's blood clings to my hands. It won't come off, even when I wipe it with a tissue. I stop trying and take out FB's phone. I nod to Kurisu. She calls Daru and tells him to activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change). I take one last look at Moeka's body lying there. Causality is a strange and terrifying thing. At the beginning of all this, Moeka killed Mayuri. But now Moeka lies dead, while Mayuri still lives. All because I changed the past. Moeka. If you're going to apologize for a sin you didn't commit, then I must apologize as well. I am responsible for twisting your fate. ...And for twisting the fate of Tennouji Nae. I ruined that innocent girl's life, made her something other than what she was meant to be. Is it okay to just leave her like this? Of course, if I send the D-Mail now, this worldline will be undone. Nae's twisted fate will be corrected. There's no point in worrying about it. I should just think about Mayuri. I shouldn't burden myself with any more problems. ...Is this really okay? Of course it is. Send the D-Mail. That's all I need to do. Why won't my fingers move? I already know what I need to do! And yet...! The world warps. Once the distortion dissipates, Kurisu is gone. So is Moeka's body. The phone I'm gripping is my own. FB's phone has disappeared. I look at my hands. They're clean. No blood. No knife on the floor either. Everything was undone. But... then why am I in this room? There are two bottles of Dr P on the coffee table. Both are open. One is nearly empty, but the other is still full. I jump at the sound of a running shower. After a few minutes, Moeka comes out of the bathroom, expressionless.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Moeka sits down on the tatami mats, not questioning why I'm here. She takes out her purple phone and begins typing a mail. It feels like forever since I've seen her lightning-speed typing. This mail doesn't make sense. It reads like Moeka and I were discussing the IBN 5100 just moments ago. ...Of course. That's exactly what happened on this worldline. That explains why I'm here.
Rintaro: What do you mean? Your supervisor? You mean FB?
Moeka: ...!
UNSPOKEN: So FB's still alive. I feel relief, but also fear. I mustn't forget that he is my enemy. For now, however, I'm more interested in what Moeka just said. FB canceled her mission to retrieve the IBN 5100?
Tennouji: Doing your duty sets you up for disposal. So we're more like cattle than dogs.
UNSPOKEN: I recall his last words. Perhaps he canceled her mission so that they wouldn't be eliminated. But I don't think that will prevent their deaths. They cannot escape their fate.
Nae: I won't forgive you, until I kill you with my own hands.
UNSPOKEN: I cover my ears. I can't get that childish, yet hate-filled voice out of my head. On that worldline, I turned an innocent girl into a murderer. I bite my lip hard, hard enough to draw blood. That worldline has already been undone. But how will things turn out on this new worldline? No, there's no point thinking about it. If the plan worked, the IBN 5100 should already be back in my possession. And if that's the case... Then there's no need to stay on this worldline, either.
Kurisu: ...Okabe?
Rintaro: Wasn't there something strange about that girl?
Kurisu: That girl... you mean Nae-chan?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Kurisu: ...She was like a different person.
Rintaro: What did she mean, she'll kill me in fifteen years?
UNSPOKEN: It bothers me. Does she know something? What was she implying?
Kurisu: Don't worry about it, Okabe. Send the D-Mail right now. That'll solve everything.
UNSPOKEN: I put FB's phone in my pocket.
Rintaro: I can't pretend I didn't see that.
UNSPOKEN: Nae's crime is partly my responsibility. And I need to know what she meant when she promised to kill me fifteen years from now.
Rintaro: I'm time leaping. Back to the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, but I pretend not to hear it.
Kurisu: Our enemy? But...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka, then whispers into my ear.
Kurisu: Isn't she our enemy?
Rintaro: ...It's about 7 AM, right?
Kurisu: Huh? Well, yeah, but where did that question come from?
UNSPOKEN: After time leaping four hours back, I find myself in front of the station. This is right after Moeka and I met up with Kurisu after returning from Narita Airport. After this comes the Tennouji residence. Moeka is standing a few meters away, kicking the dirt in boredom. Moeka was dead just a few minutes ago, but now she's perfectly fine. I feel no surprise. I suppose I've grown accustomed to this particular facet of time travel. After all, I've seen Mayuri come back to life countless times already. There is one other thing experience has taught me. Today, Moeka and Tennouji will die, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. I know it's cruel, but I didn't come back here to save them. I don't have the means to, and it isn't my problem. The problem is Nae. We arrive in front of Tennouji's house, just like we did before I time leaped. But this time, I wait outside with Kurisu. Moeka enters alone, expressionless as ever. While we wait outside, I tell Kurisu what's about to happen. I also tell her to wait a little while after she hears the gunshot, and then go inside and take Tennouji's phone. It feels like an eternity passes in silence. And then...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gasps. Her body goes stiff.
Kurisu: There really was a gunshot...
UNSPOKEN: I immediately look around. Just as Kurisu told me, I see a girl come out of the window. She walks away quickly, but at the same time taking care not to make a sound. That's not how a child acts after witnessing her father's death.
Rintaro: Wait!
UNSPOKEN: Nae looks over her shoulder. She spears me with eyes full of hatred. That alone is enough to make me shiver. It's pitiful, but a tiny little girl is making me nervous. Something is very wrong here. This Nae is like a completely different person. I want to know her true identity. That's why I time leaped instead of sending the D-Mail. Nae is still running, ignoring my calls to stop. I run after her. Out of shape though I may be, I'm still more than a match for a 12-year-old girl. The distance between us quickly shortens. Nae keeps running, occasionally looking back at me and grinding her teeth in a very un-childlike manner. Normally, a child being chased by a man will cry and scream things like Stay away! or Help!  But this girl says nothing. The only sound is her heavy breathing.
Rintaro: Stop!
UNSPOKEN: I call out to her once more when she's nearly in arm's reach. Unexpectedly, Nae slows down, and eventually stops to catch her breath.
Nae: ...haah... ...ha ...ah...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she's realized she can't get away. From the sound of her breathing, she must be at her limit. We're alone. Kurisu and Moeka must still be at the house, and the streets are empty thanks to the Obon holidays. Perfect. I was afraid someone might report me as a child molester. Now I can get what I need to know out of this strange girl who looks like Nae. I call out to her as I catch my breath.
Rintaro: Are you really Tennouji Nae?
UNSPOKEN: Nae glares at me as she catches her breath.
Rintaro: You plan to kill Kiryu Moeka after this, don't you?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: So you kill Moeka... but what comes next?
Nae: Next?
Rintaro: Are you gonna repeat those fifteen years all over again?
Nae: Hmph. What do I care about those fifteen years? There's nothing for me there...
UNSPOKEN: She does not cry. She does not sneer. Her voice is flat and emotionless as she speaks these words. There's nothing more I can to say to this girl I destroyed. At last, Nae lets go of my arm. She looks in disgust at her hands, now covered in my blood.
Nae: I don't need anything from you now. Just wait in fear and regret, Okabe Rintaro. Until I come for you in fifteen years.
UNSPOKEN: I'm powerless to stop her from running away.
Rintaro: Hahaha...
UNSPOKEN: Dry laughter leaks out of my mouth. That girl's disconnected from causality, just like I am. I asked her what she would do after killing Moeka. She didn't answer.  The first time she lived those fifteen years, all she had was revenge. And after time leaping thousands of times, she exacted that revenge. How will she live those fifteen years the second time around? Will she kill me again? Will her revenge be complete then? Or will it continue forever, until even she forgets why? The thought squeezes my heart like a vise. Does time travel bring nothing but pain? We built a time machine out of curiosity. We were fools. If not for our meddling, SERN would not have targeted us. Mayuri would not have died. Suzuha would not have had to travel to the past. Faris would not have lost her father twice. Lukako would not have had to forsake her feelings for me. And Moeka would not have killed Mayuri.
Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu runs up to me. She turns pale at the sight of my bleeding arm.
Kurisu: What happened!? Are you okay!?
UNSPOKEN: She kneels in front of me. Worry is etched on her face.
Rintaro: The phone...
Kurisu: I brought it, but...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands me FB's phone. I take it and start typing out the mail with my left hand.
Kurisu: Hey, tell me what happened, will you!? Should I call an ambulance!?
Rintaro: Calm down... I'm gonna send the D-Mail now.
Kurisu: R-right. If the worldline changes, then this wound will go away.
UNSPOKEN: Yes, but who cares about my wound? Tennouji's death, Moeka's death, and the damage to Nae's soul will all be undone. That's what matters. I finish the mail and take a breath.
Rintaro: Hey... why do you think Tennouji didn't kill Moeka?
Kurisu: What do you mean?
UNSPOKEN: Any Rounder who finds an IBN 5100 is silenced. No exceptions. That's what Tennouji said. In that case, the one who should have been eliminated first was Moeka. She found the IBN 5100 in the first place. And yet, Tennouji cut contact with her instead. And when we exposed his true identity, he shot himself, not Moeka.
Rintaro: I think... I think he wanted to save Moeka.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I barge into the room. The hour of Moeka's death passes with no sign of Nae. The worldline has changed. Moeka's right in front of me, but she sends me mail. It feels like forever since we last conversed like this.
Rintaro: What do you mean? FB told you to stop...
Moeka: ...!
UNSPOKEN: So FB's still alive. I feel relief, but also fear. I mustn't forget that he is my enemy. For now, however, I'm more interested in what Moeka just said. FB canceled her mission to retrieve the IBN 5100?
Tennouji: Doing your duty sets you up for disposal. So we're more like cattle than dogs.
UNSPOKEN: I recall his last words. Perhaps he canceled her mission so that they wouldn't be eliminated. If that's the truth, then maybe he really was trying to save Moeka.
Nae: Live in fear and regret, Okabe Rintaro. Until we meet again in fifteen years.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder what happened to Nae. I can't get that childish, yet hate-filled voice out of my head. On that worldline, I turned an innocent girl into a murderer. I bite my lip hard, hard enough to draw blood. I won't fear you, Nae. Nor will I repent. That worldline has already been undone. But... how will things turn out on this new worldline? No, there's no point thinking about it. If the plan worked, the IBN 5100 should already be back in my possession. And if that's the case... Then there's no need to stay on this worldline, either. On the way back to the lab, I stop by the Braun Tube Workshop and peek in through the window. The 42-inch CRT is powered on, and Tennouji -- FB -- is lounging in front of it, reading the sports pages. FB is still alive. His daughter, Nae, has no reason to hate anyone now. I climb the stairs to the lab. There's nobody there but Kurisu.
Rintaro: Have you been to Kiryu Moeka's apartment?
Kurisu: ...Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pauses her @channel browsing session to look at me in confusion.
Kurisu: Moeka-san's apartment? Never.
Rintaro: Oh, okay.
Kurisu: Why do you ask?
Rintaro: It doesn't matter. Just wondering.
UNSPOKEN: I cut across the lounge and head straight for the development room. In the middle of that room sits the Time Leap Machine. After a glance at the Time Leap Machine, I scan the shelves.
Rintaro: It's here!
UNSPOKEN: A large, familiar cardboard box. I was right. Inside the box is the IBN 5100, the legendary retro PC stolen from me by a twist of fate. At last, it has returned! The long battle is finally over. I did it. We can save Mayuri!
Rintaro: Daru! Daru! Where's my super hacka!?
UNSPOKEN: I can't contain my excitement. My heart is beating like a jackhammer.
Kurisu: Uh, he's not here. He went to ComiMa, remember?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Daru! Christina!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks awake.
Rintaro: It's time for the final phase of Operation Verthandi!
UNSPOKEN: My sonorous declaration earns only blank stares. Why are they so slow?
Rintaro: The IBN 5100, Daru!
Itaru: ...Yeah?
Rintaro: Listen to me, man! We have an IBN 5100!
Itaru: Of course we do. You're the one who found it, Okarin.
Rintaro: Yes! Yes I did! I found it at Yanabayashi Shrine!
Itaru: ...Have you been drinking too much soda?
Kurisu: Let me sleep, for crying out loud.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu rubs her eyes and complains. She looks dead tired.
Kurisu: I was up all night.
Rintaro: A question, Daru. Have you researched how to use the IBN 5100?
Itaru: Huh? Well, yeah, I guess. Can you believe I did it while preparing for ComiMa? I'm like a saint or something. They'd knight me for this in England.
Rintaro: Then we shall call you Sir Super Hacka!
Itaru: Hell no.
Kurisu: Will you guys shut up? You're giving me a headache.
UNSPOKEN: If Daru knows how to use the IBN 5100, then we can hack SERN right now!
Rintaro: Hear me, lab mems!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's not here, but that's actually more convenient.
Rintaro: Our long struggle has at last reached its climax! Ragnarok is at hand! Now we must deliver the decisive blow. With the power of the IBN 5100, we shall crack SERN's most secure database and destroy it from the inside! Through the cowardly apparatus known as Echelon, the enemy has acquired precious intelligence on our activities. Now they plot to steal our sacred time machine, upon which rest the hopes and dreams of all mankind! Beneath its scholarly trappings, SERN is a hive of scum and villainy, of men who would sacrifice innocent souls in their quest to rule all space and time. But now we are poised to crush them with the Hammer of Justice! And when we do, they will know once and for all by whose hand the wheel of fate truly turns! When the sun sets upon the battlefield, the foul System that rules the world will crumble! And from the flames, a new age will rise! An age of glorious, unfettered Chaos!
Kurisu: Argh! Shut up!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets fed up and rises from the sofa.
Kurisu: What are you talking about!?
Itaru: Nobody can know the darkness in Okarin's heart...
Kurisu: First, get your character straight! What kind of mad scientist talks about the Hammer of Justice?
Itaru: I guess he just got caught up in the heat of the moment. Maybe he regrets it now.
Rintaro: Come on, guys! Stop complaining and get ready!
Itaru: Get ready?
Rintaro: To crack SERN! Weren't you listening?
Kurisu: Uh, I don't think that's a good idea.
Rintaro: When did you become a goody two shoes? Where's your ambition!?
Kurisu: Are you trying to get us arrested?
Rintaro: That's not the problem!
UNSPOKEN: I fight the urge to grind my teeth. Instead, I fix Kurisu with my stare.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: Okabe...
Itaru: W-why so serious, man?
UNSPOKEN: I've got good reason. To them, only half an hour has passed since the Time Leap Machine was built. But to me, many days have passed since this ordeal began.
Rintaro: Please!
UNSPOKEN: I bow my head deeply.
Rintaro: Please, hear me out.
UNSPOKEN: Or else Mayuri will die, and in 26 years, the world will be ruled by SERN. Suzuha's sacrifice will have been for nothing. Daru claps me on the shoulder, then smiles broadly and thrusts his thumb skyward.
Itaru: I-it's not like I'm cracking for you or anything, okay!?
Kurisu: Oh god...
UNSPOKEN: I burst out in laughter. Sir Super Hacka (tsundere version) is here to save the day. I couldn't have asked for a better right-hand man. As Daru hooks the IBN 5100 to his PC, I explain the situation one more time. Let's hope this is the last.
Rintaro: This all happened because of the very first D-Mail I sent to Daru. SERN intercepted that D-Mail with Echelon and figured out what it meant, then sent their Rounders after us. They will kill Mayuri, kidnap us, and steal the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: Some years after that, I assume, Daru and I escape and form the Resistance to which Suzuha belonged.
Rintaro: I tried to save Mayuri, but nothing worked. Every worldline converged on the same result, just as attractor field theory said they would.
Itaru: You know, if this is all in your head, I think you've got a career as a light novel author ahead of you.
Rintaro: It's true. All of it. To prevent Mayuri's death...
UNSPOKEN: And to free Suzuha's future from SERN...
Rintaro: We need to escape from the Alpha worldline. And I think we can do that by canceling all of our changes to the timeline so far. That should return us to the Beta worldline, the worldline that existed before I sent that first D-Mail. There's just one more step. We need to erase the first D-Mail from SERN's database.
UNSPOKEN: If what Suzuha said is correct, then erasing that data will take us over 1% divergence and back to the Beta worldline. It was just one short email, barely 36 bytes, but it changed the course of human history. The Butterfly Effect. 
Kurisu: Fascinating.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu mutters as she sips her hot coffee. It looks like she's already recovered from her exhaustion.
Itaru: You believe him, Makise-shi?
Kurisu: In theory. I'd like to see objective data, but that's obviously impossible.
Rintaro: Relax. Your Time Leap Machine worked perfectly.
Kurisu: O-of course it did.
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't deny it. That's just like Kurisu.
Kurisu: Besides, we were already planning to crack SERN's database, weren't we? Fine. Let's see what's in there. If the mail data exists, then it's proof that what you said is true.
Itaru: So what you're saying is, 'don't think, feel.' Got it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What he meant to say was, 'don't think, do.'
UNSPOKEN: Daru extracts his massive body from the space behind the desk, plops himself down on the chair, and wipes away his sweat.
Itaru: Done bridging them. I need to tinker with the settings a little, but we should be up and running in about ten minutes.
Rintaro: Alright.
Kurisu: So the first D-Mail started everything... Was that the one you showed me at ATF? The one that said I died or something.
Rintaro: Right. I found you dead at Radi-Kan and sent Daru an email. Daru happened to be experimenting on the PhoneWave (name subject to change) at the time, so the discharge phenomenon occurred and the mail... was...
UNSPOKEN: My voice trails off. Something is telling me to stop. Fear rises in my chest, a sudden, terrible certainty that I am missing something vital. I frantically replay the conversation in my head. We must cancel all of our changes to the timeline so far. The very first D-Mail started it all. The one that said I died or something. Return to the worldline that existed before I sent the first D-Mail.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: An icy fist seizes my heart, and I turn to Kurisu with a look of pure terror. Our eyes meet. Those eyes of hers no longer show the sharp defiance from when we first met. Instead, they glow warmly with the light of curiosity.
Kurisu: What?
UNSPOKEN: I was right. I had missed something vital... something dire. The worldline I set my sights on to save Mayuri. The worldline upon which Suzuha staked her hope for the future. The worldline I am at last poised to reach at the end of this long struggle. On that worldline, Mayuri lives. On that worldline, SERN fails. I thought that I had found the solution, that everything would be alright. But the equation was meaningless. I had solved nothing. Instead, I am left with a terrible choice. Mayuri. Or Kurisu. One of them must die. Radi-Kan is still off limits. They haven't yet repaired the hole that Suzuha's time machine made. I look down through the hole at the streets of Akiba. From up here, they look narrow and stifling. Across the way, a train rumbles by. I watch the yellow-striped cars move past. I came here because I wanted to be alone. The day before yesterday, I abruptly canceled the attempt to hack SERN. Kurisu and Daru demanded an explanation, but I just couldn't give them one. The decision has paralyzed me. Two days later, I am still nowhere close to finding an answer. What do I do? Two weeks ago, on July 28th, Doctor Nakabachi held a press conference in this very spot. The same day, Kurisu was murdered. Let's say we go through with the plan and delete the first D-Mail I sent -- the one about Kurisu's death -- from SERN's database. That would return us to the Beta worldline, where it all began. What would happen then? According to my predictions, our friend, Lab Member 004... Makise Kurisu would disappear. Someone who died on July 28th cannot be alive now, on August 15th. That would defy causality. A time paradox. That worldline has already rejected her existence. The moment we erase the D-Mail, Kurisu will cease to exist. And so, I am left with two options. Option One. Hack SERN with the IBN 5100 and erase the first D-Mail I sent, thus returning to the Beta worldline. Kurisu will disappear, but Mayuri will live. SERN will never build a time machine, and the future will be free. Option Two. Don't hack SERN. Keep living here on the Alpha worldline. Mayuri will die. So will Moeka and FB. Kurisu will likely be kidnapped by SERN, but at the very least, she won't die. With her research, SERN will gain control of space-time, and the future will be a dystopia where no one is free.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kill Kurisu, or kill Mayuri. That is what this choice comes down to.
Rintaro: Is this how it ends!?
UNSPOKEN: I drive my fist into the wire fence.
Rintaro: Suzuha... Faris... Lukako... Moeka... Is this what I sacrificed your memories for!?
UNSPOKEN: Is there no other option? No way to save them both? What if I use Suzuha's time machine? I could return to the Beta worldline, then use her time machine to travel to July 28th. No, that won't work. The reason Suzuha leapt to 2010 was to prevent SERN from creating a dystopia. That only occurs on this worldline. On the Beta worldline, she'll have no reason to leap to 2010. Suzuha's time machine won't exist, so I won't be able to use it. Alright. Then what if I send Kurisu a warning via D-Mail? It could say, Don't go to Doctor Nakabachi's presentation. No, that won't work either. Remember, causality converges. Kurisu's death is inevitable on the Beta worldline, just as Mayuri's is inevitable on this worldline. No matter what I do, fate will ensure her death.
Rintaro: There's no way...
UNSPOKEN: I slowly sink to the floor with my back against the fence.
Rintaro: I... can't save her.
UNSPOKEN: I'm powerless against the will of fate. What should I do? What should I do!? Maybe... Maybe Mayuri doesn't die on the current worldline. I canceled Moeka's D-Mail. Plus, I haven't had an opportunity to check the divergence meter since. Might there be a chance? If the pattern continues, Mayuri's death has been pushed back to the night of the 17th. If Mayuri doesn't die between 7 and 8 PM that night... Then I won't have to face this horrible decision. I know it's unlikely. I understand that from all my experiences so far. But still, I can't help but cling to that hope. Mayuri and Kurisu. If I can just save them both... Then I don't care if the future is ruled by SERN. I'll betray Suzuha's dream, if that's what it takes. So please, let Mayuri live! To whom should I make this desperate plea? God? Fate? The universe itself? Either way, I am just one insignificant human among billions. Will my prayers truly reach? I already know what the answer will be. And that knowledge, that certainty, is despair. ComiMa runs for three straight days, from the 15th to the 17th. On the last day, I go with Mayuri and stay with her from morning until ComiMa closes. It's not really my thing, though, and the crowd is ridiculous, so I wait off to the side with Mayuri's bags. From time to time, Mayuri appears with new bags for me to guard, and usually a snack for us to share, but most of the day I spend alone. To some extent, I'm here to escape reality -- to empty my mind and forget my fears. But even when I close my eyes, I can still hear the footsteps of death approaching.
Mayuri: Haah, we're finally home♪
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: What are you gonna do now? Head straight home?
Mayuri: Actually, I was thinking of going to the lab.
Rintaro: Need something?
Mayuri: Not really, but it's been a while since I got to relax with Okarin. I'm a little hungry, so I'll buy some Juicy Chicken Number One on the way.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe Mayuri wants a taste of normalcy again, now that the chaos of ComiMa has ended. I can't begrudge her that. I stifle a groan and shrug my shoulders.
Rintaro: Back to the lab, then.
Mayuri: Hey, Okarin. Why did you come with Mayushii today? You've never come with me to ComiMa before. You're not interested in moe, right?
Rintaro: I like robot anime.
UNSPOKEN: But not so much that I'd line up early in the morning for ComiMa each year, like Daru and Mayuri do.
Mayuri: So why did you come with me today?
Rintaro: Well...
UNSPOKEN: To confirm your death. Those words pop into my head, but I quickly shake them away. Why am I so set on Mayuri dying? I want her to live, remember?
Mayuri: Well?
Rintaro: ...I just felt like it.
Mayuri: Oh...
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, silence. A downhearted frown replaces the usual smile on Mayuri's face. Did my answer upset her? But it's not like I could tell her the truth. How do you tell someone they're going to die?
Rintaro: Lukako...
UNSPOKEN: I frantically try to smooth things over.
Rintaro: I thought maybe you'd managed to get Lukako to cosplay, so I came to laugh at him. Too bad he didn't come.
Mayuri: Yeah... Luka-kun would be super popular if he did come, though. People would take his picture and post it all over the internet, then everyone in the world would see how cute he is! And after he became a superstar, Mayushii would see him on TV and think, 'wow, he's gone so far...'
Rintaro: It's scary 'cause it's true.
Mayuri: ...Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri turns around, and peeks at my face as she walks backwards.
Mayuri: Thank you for today.
Rintaro: Why are you thanking me?
Mayuri: Ehehe! Well, like I said, this is the first time Okarin's ever come to ComiMa with me. It made Mayushii really happy♪
UNSPOKEN: A smile finally returns to Mayuri's face.
Mayuri: Ah, but you know what would make me even happier? If you cosplay next time!
Rintaro: ...Yeah, I'll think about it.
UNSPOKEN: That's right. Don't think negative thoughts. Think about a fun, bright future.
Mayuri: Really? You'll cosplay for me?
Rintaro: Only if you cosplay too. Lukako too... and Christina, of course. Convince them to cosplay first. If you manage that, then I, the great and insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma, will grace ComiMa with my august presence.
UNSPOKEN: The next ComiMa takes place this winter. We'll all be there, as if none of this ever happened. All of us, laughing and smiling together. Just imagine a future like that.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: We arrive at the lab. I look up at the second floor, but there's no light in the window. Oddly enough, there's nobody here today. I've got a bad feeling about this. Is Moeka going to ambush us? On the previous worldline, I forgave Moeka and Tennouji. But that has already been undone. This is a new worldline. The Rounders are still alive, and they're still after the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Wait here, Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I motion for her to sit and wait on the bench in front. Then I carefully check the area. I know my efforts are likely futile. But still, I want to do anything I can. Anything to give Mayuri a chance, however small, of surviving on this worldline. Something tells me it would be foolish to go straight up to the lab. So first, I decide to check the street for any suspicious people. I walk down the street towards Kuramaebashi-dori, careful to always keep Mayuri in sight.
Rintaro: ...?
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, a white station wagon parked at the end of the street fires its engine and takes off in our direction.
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: I can see clearly through the front window. The man in the driver's seat is unfamiliar. But I have seen that station wagon before. It's the same one Moeka used to run us over on a previous worldline. The same one Tennouji used to transport the IBN 5100. And now it's bearing down on me at full speed. I'm in the center of the road. There's nowhere to run! The station wagon flips on its high beams, instantly turning my vision white. I can't move. It's all happening too fast. I expected an ambush inside the lab. Instead, I'm facing a charging car. What do I do!? I'm fine. I won't die. This worldline hasn't approved that fate. No, wait. What day is it? This is the first time I've made it to the 17th. Does that mean my death is still undecided? Will I die in Mayuri's place? If that will save her... if that will end this... then maybe it's for the best. No! I don't want to die yet! Two contradictory emotions collide in my mind. My body doesn't know which way to turn. Will I be the one to die?
Mayuri: Okarin!!
Rintaro: !?
UNSPOKEN: Something slams into my back. I open my eyes. I'm lying on the side of the road. My whole body hurts, but I don't appear to be seriously injured. Someone saved me? I look up to see the station wagon's taillights disappearing around the corner. And there, lying in the center of the road... is Mayuri.
Rintaro: Mayuri!
UNSPOKEN: I run to her side. Mayuri is bleeding from the head. The pavement is slick with blood. Did she... protect me? But that's not what I wanted! I lift her body up in my arms. Her eyes twitch, then slowly open.
Mayuri: O...kari...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Her hand wanders, as if seeking something. It reaches for the starry sky. Her eyelids are heavy. They could close any second now. But still, she looks straight into my eyes. And for some reason, she smiles.
Mayuri: Finally... Mayushii was... useful... to Okarin...
Rintaro: Wha...t?
UNSPOKEN: Stardust Handshake. Her delicate fingers grasp at the sky. But all they find is empty air. Her arm goes limp. I grab her hand before it hits the ground. Mayuri is no longer breathing. I've seen her die countless times. But this time, it's too much. This time, it's all my fault. I embrace Mayuri's tattered body. Her lifeless, motionless, tattered body. I clench my jaw and bite back my tears.
Rintaro: Mayuri... You can't see the stars from here... How could this happen?
UNSPOKEN: Why did she have to die like this? What possible meaning could this death have? Yes, it happened because fate demanded it. Yes, her death is unavoidable, the result upon which this worldline converges. I knew from the beginning that this would happen. But I never imagined that she would die saving me... and with a smile on her face.
Rintaro: What do you mean, you were finally useful? Tell me, Mayuri...
UNSPOKEN: There is no future for Mayuri on this worldline. And that brings me once again to the choice. Do I return to the Beta worldline, killing Kurisu? Or do I leave things as they are, and accept Mayuri's death? I can't run away. I am the one who twisted fate. I am the one who must decide. I'm on the roof of Radi-Kan, after going back 56 hours with two time leaps. I lean against the wire fence and stretch out my legs as I look at the sky. I wanted more time to think. That's why I came back. Last time, I spent two days refusing to face reality. But that is no longer an option, now that I've confirmed Mayuri's death. This time, I need to reach a decision. But how? This equation has no solution. No matter what choice I make, someone dies. From a purely utilitarian viewpoint, I should choose the Beta worldline, where SERN never creates a dystopia. But it's not that simple. Not for me. There must be some other way. According to Suzuha, 2010 is a point of great divergence at the attractor field level. I think that divergence had already commenced by the time I sent the D-Mail reporting Kurisu's death. So when did divergence begin? I can't say for sure, but I think it was the moment we completed the PhoneWave (name subject to change). That was around the middle of July. Daru and I deemed it a failure right after completion. By the time Kurisu was killed, there was already a huge divergence at the attractor field level. Now that I think about it, Reading Steiner activated that day, when I sent the D-Mail that started it all. At that moment, every pedestrian and vehicle on the main street of Akiba suddenly vanished. That feels so long ago. But now, I can finally explain it. That was the moment I moved to the Alpha worldline. On the Beta worldline, where this all began, Suzuha didn't arrive in her time machine. Doctor Nakabachi's conference went ahead as planned, and the flow of tourists and shoppers through Akiba was unimpeded. But when I sent the D-Mail, events changed on a huge scale. From my perspective, at least. On the current worldline, Suzuha crashed her time machine into the roof of Radi-Kan. Nakabachi's presentation was canceled, and this part of Akiba was closed to traffic. Because I was out on the street when the worldline changed, it appeared to me as if thousands of people suddenly vanished. The truth is that they were never there to begin with. Like a magician's trick, it's so obvious once you understand how it works. The real problem is the timing of the D-Mail. I moved to the Alpha worldline after Kurisu died. If I had sent the D-Mail before she died, then I might have been able to intervene, even now, on this worldline. But no, that would defy causality. I sent that D-Mail because I saw Kurisu's body. That's the way it has to be. Who killed her anyway? I still don't know. It definitely wasn't suicide. What if I identify the murderer and send them a D-Mail warning them off? Would that prevent her death? I mean, no one has tried to kill her on this worldline, have they? Maybe there's a chance. However, to send that D-Mail, I would first have to move to the Beta worldline. ...The more I think about it, the more futile it seems. I've already seen Mayuri die countless times. Everything I tried to prevent it failed. I understand all too well. When fate wants someone dead, nothing can stop it. I can't save Kurisu.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I thought I was alone, but it seems that I was wrong. I turn around to see Kurisu standing in the open door. I avert my eyes. I can't look her in the face, not now.
Kurisu: What are you doing here?
Rintaro: ...Nothing. How did you know I was here?
Kurisu: You said you wanted to be alone. I ran the numbers and concluded that I had the greatest probability of finding you here.
Rintaro: Then leave me alone. You don't have to look for me. I'm not a lost little boy.
Kurisu: H-hey! Is that how you treat someone who's worried about you? N-not that I'm worried about you or anything!
UNSPOKEN: Right after she gets herself flustered, Kurisu sighs and puts on a serious expression.
Kurisu: I was going to leave you alone at first. But you've been acting weird the last couple days. I mean, you're always weird, but more than usual. You look like a kid forced to eat crappy oatmeal. What happened?
Rintaro: Nothing...
Kurisu: Then why did you cancel the cracking of SERN?
Rintaro: You're the one who said we shouldn't.
Kurisu: Oh, so you're afraid of triggering arrest flags. I get it.
Rintaro: You should praise me for obeying the law for a change.
Kurisu: That's not like you at all. What happened to your ego? What happened to the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyo--
Rintaro: To hell with my ego!
Kurisu: ...!
Rintaro: This time, it's not that simple.
UNSPOKEN: I have forced my ego on others before. Suzuha, Faris, Lukako... I sacrificed their dreams for the sake of my goal. I justified it by telling myself that it was necessary to save Mayuri. I weighed their suffering against the alternative and made my self-righteous choice. But this time, the alternatives are impossible to compare.
Rintaro: I have to choose which friend to let die. It would be so much easier if I knew what was right.
Kurisu: ...Which friend to let die? What are you talking about?
Rintaro: I'm just a student, Christina. You know? The insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma? That's just a fantasy. A character I made up. I bet you had no idea.
Kurisu: Uh... I may have figured that out when we first met.
Rintaro: When we first met...
UNSPOKEN: What if I hadn't found Kurisu's body back then? Let's try imagining that situation. If I hadn't seen Kurisu dead, I wouldn't have interrogated her before the seminar at ATF. Without hearing me call her a zombie, she wouldn't have taken an interest in me. She wouldn't have come to the lab. Ultimately, we would never have built the Time Leap Machine, leaving me without the means to save Mayuri. And of course, Kurisu would not have become our friend. We would not be as close as we are right now.
Kurisu: Tell me, Okabe. What do you mean?
UNSPOKEN: I can't meet her questioning gaze.
Rintaro: ...Do I have to tell you?
Kurisu: You've never hesitated to ask me for help before. Don't hold back now.
UNSPOKEN: That's not what this is about.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: ...eh?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's voice cracks a little.
Rintaro: Remember what I told you before? When we delete the D-Mail from SERN's database, we'll reach the Beta worldline, where Mayuri doesn't die.
Kurisu: And where SERN doesn't take over the world, right. Everyone lives. Everyone is free. You made it sound perfect.
Rintaro: Perfect? It's anything but. I showed you the first D-Mail, didn't I? The one that started it all. On the Beta worldline, the events described in that D-Mail actually happened.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is a genius. I have no doubt that she understands.
Rintaro: Kurisu. On the Beta worldline... You die on July 28th. And according to the attractor field model, nothing can prevent that from happening. If I want to save Mayuri, I have no choice... but to let you die!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says nothing. What expression is she making now? I reluctantly sneak a look at her face. She's staring out across the cityscape. Her eyes look distant. I see neither fear nor sadness in her face. She seems... accepting. Kurisu is always like this. Always calm, no matter what. It's hard to believe she's younger than me. Her soft chestnut hair blows in the wind. She lifts a hand to hold it down.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe. How credible do you find this attractor field model?
Rintaro: Credible?
Kurisu: It's all secondhand info from John Titor -- from Amane-san, isn't it? I get that it's the accepted model in 2036. But how exactly did scientists prove the existence of attractor fields?
Rintaro: Are you trying to say the model may be wrong? But I know for certain that convergence exists. I've experienced it firsthand.
Kurisu: Even if they're right about convergence... What about the relationship between worldlines?
Rintaro: The moment I change worldlines, everything is reconstructed. Past, present, and future.
Kurisu: But that's just from your perspective, Okabe. Once you go to the Beta worldline, the 'me' that your brain perceives will die. In other words, your perspective will have chosen the worldline where I die instead of the one where I don't. However... Why can't the world your brain perceives be different from the world my brain perceives?
UNSPOKEN: Brains. I forgot her specialty was neuroscience.
Rintaro: So you're saying worldlines are independent?
Kurisu: Like trains, maybe.
Rintaro: Trains?
Kurisu: Um, let me give you an easy example...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu takes out her phone and starts fiddling with it.
Kurisu: If I want to take the train from Akiba to Yokohama, which route should I use?
Rintaro: I didn't know you were a railfan.
Kurisu: It's just an example. Geez. You choose to take the Yamanote Line to Tokyo Station, then transfer to the Tokaido Main Line for the rest of your trip.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu keeps talking as she looks at her phone, apparently reading off an itinerary.
Kurisu: But I take the Yamanote Line to Osaki, then transfer to the Shonan-Shinjuku Line. Another person -- say, Hashida-san -- might decide to take the Keihin Tohoku Line for some reason. And Mayuri might ride the Shinkansen from Tokyo. You and I ride the same train until Tokyo Station. But from there, we ride different lines, while still aiming for the same destination.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: ...I like to use my imagination too, sometimes. But where's the proof that there's only one world?
Rintaro: Suzuha said so... and then there's Reading Steiner.
Kurisu: In other words, an unknown time traveler and your unexplainable super power.
Rintaro: But we knew Suzuha...
Kurisu: There's no way to prove that she was Hashida's daughter, or anything she said about 2036 either. Not without going there ourselves. And if Reading Steiner is what you say, then it means that your subjective experience influences the memories of every single human being. That's completely absurd, Okabe. If it's true, then you're literally a god. But there are no gods in reality. The world doesn't revolve around you. It's just your brain making you believe that it does. If that makes you this world's god, then I must be a god too. My brain is just as big as yours.
Rintaro: What are you trying to say?
Kurisu: Let's say you choose the worldline where I die. That doesn't mean I have to do the same. The fact is that I am standing here right now, observing the world with my own subjectivity. I already exist on a worldline where I don't die. Even if your perspective shifts to the Beta worldline, my perspective might remain here. It's a question of where the soul lies. And I won't let you have your way with my soul.
Rintaro: No true scientist would accept a hypothesis that flimsy.
Kurisu: But there's a chance I'm right. So you have nothing to worry about.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu smiles. How can she smile? I just told her that she's going to die.
Kurisu: The problem is that you don't want to let me die, right? But if my hypothesis is correct, I'll still be alive on another possible worldline. So there's no reason to be afraid.
Rintaro: It's just a hypothesis.
Kurisu: The same is true of attractor fields. It hasn't been proven. Even if someone did prove it by 2036, that doesn't help us here in the present. In other words... Anything is possible.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns her back to me after finishing. It's an armchair theory. A daring armchair theory that could, quite possibly, render meaningless everything I've done up to now. How can Kurisu stay so calm? She's just an 18-year-old girl.
Kurisu: You really don't have to worry about me, Okabe. It would just hurt my pride if you did.
Rintaro: Don't say it like that.
Kurisu: Your phone's ringing.
Rintaro: Oh, yeah. It's Mayuri.
Kurisu: Answer it. I don't mind.
Rintaro: ...Hello?
Mayuri: Ah...
Rintaro: Mayuri?
Mayuri: Yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Displayed on the screen is Mayuri's face, devoid of its usual brightness for some reason.
Rintaro: What's wrong?
Mayuri: Um, I heard from Daru-kun that Okarin's been acting kinda strange. Mayushii was so preoccupied with ComiMa, she didn't really notice... Even though she usually notices right away when Okarin's not happy... I'm sorry, Okarin.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Um, did something happen? Okarin?
UNSPOKEN: I can't tell her. I can't. I've kept it a secret from her all this time. That's the way it has to be.
Rintaro: There's... nothing wrong.
Mayuri: Oh... You know, you used to talk to Mayushii about a lot of things, remember? Like, umm, the Organization's four leaders. Their names are Back Turkish, Virginian Burp, Balloon Drag Queen, and Wide-eye Gore, right?
Rintaro: ...Black Tortoise, Vermilion Bird, Blue Dragon, and White Tiger.
Mayuri: Yeah, that! You know, it was really fun talking to Okarin about stuff like that... But now... Um, Okarin? If Mayushii's a burden... just say so, okay?
Rintaro: What!? I never...!
Mayuri: Ehehe. I'm hanging up now. If you feel like talking to Mayushii about anything, just call okay? Tutturu♪
UNSPOKEN: She hung up on me.
Kurisu: What did Mayuri say?
UNSPOKEN: The ringtone cuts off during my hesitation.
Kurisu: You're such a wimp. I'm disappointed in you.
Rintaro: Aren't you afraid of dying?
Kurisu: Did you not hear what I just said?
Rintaro: I heard, but--
UNSPOKEN: An email interrupts me. I don't want to argue with Kurisu any more, so I open my phone to break the conversation.
Rintaro: How are you a burden!? Don't say things like that, dammit! Why is she only serious at times like this!?
Kurisu: A burden, huh...
Rintaro: I've never felt Mayuri was a burden. Not once.
Kurisu: Then you should tell her that.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe it wasn't a good idea to leave Mayuri in the dark. She never looks like she's thinking anything. And yet, she saw my doubt? Either way, I can't tell her the truth.
Kurisu: Okabe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, then glares at me.
Kurisu: The old you wouldn't have worried about anything. Anyway, you should go see Mayuri. I'm sure she has a lot to say.
UNSPOKEN: She's right. Even if I don't tell Mayuri the truth, I need to at least tell her something. I'll postpone my decision, and go see Mayuri. It's afternoon on the first day of ComiMa, and the crowds are finally beginning to thin out. Of course, the industry booths and cosplay area are still packed, but at least I don't have to wait in line to get in. I've been trying to get in touch with Mayuri for a while now, but she hasn't responded. I checked with Daru, but he hasn't seen her today either. Cosplay ends at 4 PM. I focus on searching the cosplay area until then, but I still can't find her. Maybe she finished early and went home. I try calling her home. No luck. They haven't seen her since she left this morning. Where is she? I'm always afraid that she'll disappear the second I take my eyes off of her. It's been like that ever since she lost her grandmother.  Maybe it's just my imagination. We've been so close for so long. I saw Mayuri at her weakest and most vulnerable. Maybe that has made me overprotective. But I don't care how other people see us. I just can't leave Mayuri alone. I step into the cemetery. The final resting place of Mayuri's beloved grandmother. When was the last time I came here? For about a year after Mayuri became my hostage, I'd periodically accompany her here. But I don't think I've been here since I entered high school. So it's been about three or four years. As I get closer to Mayuri's grandmother's grave, I begin to hear a voice. It's Mayuri. I'd recognize her voice anywhere. It sounds like she's talking to someone. I approach quietly.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I've failed so many times to save her. I've watched her die again and again. Everything I've done has been to prevent that from happening. And yet, have the memories of those deaths been tormenting her as she sleeps? I bite my lip in frustration. I still have a terrible decision to make. Do I save Mayuri? Or do I save Kurisu? There's no perfect ending here. I can't save them both. It's one... or the other. If I choose Kurisu, then Mayuri's dreams will become reality. I don't want Mayuri to feel any pain. Until now, I've thought only of saving her. That is my goal. But at the same time, I can't let Kurisu die. Again, my thoughts hit the same dead end. Mayuri hasn't noticed me yet. She's still staring at the sky, just as she was on the day I took her hostage. She's talking to her grandmother in heaven.
Mayuri: Oh, right! We have a lot more lab mems now, you know! There's Chris-chan, Moeka-san, Luka-kun, and Feris-chan. There's also Suzu-san, but she moved away. That makes eight of us. It's really amazing.
UNSPOKEN: On this worldline, they all became lab mems. However, not a single one of them has sent a D-Mail.
Mayuri: You know, it was just Okarin and Mayushii at first. Back then, Okarin seemed kinda bored most of the time. But now, he's having so much fun.
UNSPOKEN: Is that how she sees it? Well... she's not wrong. She really does know me, doesn't she.
Mayuri: And that makes Mayushii happy too! It's so busy, but it's really exciting. Especially now that Chris-chan is here. She's really smart, you know. She got a paper published in a famous magazine! Mayushii really admires her. She even made a time machine! Oh, but can't forget Okarin and Daru-kun helped too.
UNSPOKEN: Then Mayuri falls silent. Her gaze becomes distant. She stands still, and looks up to the sky. What could she be thinking?
Mayuri: But you know, sometimes I remember... Back when it was just the two of us. When Mayushii had only just become Okarin's hostage. I'd go to the lab after school, but Okarin wouldn't be there. So I'd tidy up the room, and decorate it with cute things. Then Okarin would finally show up a little later. Mayushii would say 'welcome back'. But instead of saying 'I'm back,' Okarin would say 'Good work,' like a big boss or something. Every day, we'd spend a few hours just hanging out, doing nothing, and then we'd go home together. We didn't talk much, but it wasn't bad. We were just there... together, you know? We'd sit next to each other on the sofa. Okarin would work on his big plans, and Mayushii would read manga or play games. And sometimes we'd have a snack together. It was so nice and relaxing... I never wanted to leave. I'd start feeling like a real hostage, and I'd laugh 'ehehe' to myself. Then Okarin would turn to me and say...
UNSPOKEN: I remember... It was four months ago. Still spring. The lab wasn't as lively as it is now. It was an isolated bubble of slow-moving time.
Rintaro: Did something good happen?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Ah, it must have been an illusion. We could be under attack from Illusion Conductor, one of the Organization's feared agents.
Mayuri: Oh... gotta be careful, then. But you know, I'm sure that Mr. Illusion Kidhugger--
Rintaro: Conductor. Not Kidhugger.
Mayuri: I'm sure he's not a bad guy.
UNSPOKEN: It was nothing. Just meaningless chatter to pass the time.
Mayuri: I felt so happy there. So happy I could cry. I wanted to stay like that forever. Ah! But that doesn't mean I don't like how things are now, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri shakes her head in denial. Finally, she stops looking up at the sky, and bows her head instead.
Mayuri: You know, I haven't talked to Okarin much lately. Maybe Mayushii's getting a little lonely.
UNSPOKEN: It's true. I haven't had time to talk to her lately. But that's because I've been fighting to prevent her death. To keep her dreams from coming true. All so that Mayuri will keep smiling. I never again want to see her cry like she did on the day her grandmother died.
Mayuri: But you know, I don't want to be a burden on Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: That word again. Burden. I've never thought of her as a burden.
Mayuri: Mayushii's just one big nuisance, isn't she... Um, Granny?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri lifts her face once more.
Mayuri: ...I can't stay like this forever, can I?
Rintaro: Of course you can!
Mayuri: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: When I finally speak to Mayuri, she turns my way with a surprised expression. Her face is so soft, so innocent. Slowly, her lips curve into a smile.
Mayuri: It's Okarin♪ Wow, how'd you know I was here?
Rintaro: I always know where my hostage is.
Mayuri: Hostage...
Rintaro: You cannot escape my grasp. Not ever.
Mayuri: Oh... But don't wear yourself out, okay? Mayushii's a little worried.
Rintaro: ...Hououin Kyouma is not so weak as to require your concern. When the time comes, I'll tell you everything.
Mayuri: ...Huh?
Rintaro: So stay with me until then, like you always have.
Mayuri: ...Okay.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and turns to the grave once more. As an offering, she leaves a brand new white lily, as well as some dango dumplings.
Mayuri: Let's head back, Okarin.
Rintaro: Shouldn't we get some dango for ourselves first?
UNSPOKEN: Back when we used to visit the cemetery together, it was part of our daily routine to eat dango on the way back.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Of course♪
UNSPOKEN: Akiba is empty again today. The otaku have all made the Exodus to ComiMa for the second day of battle. But come nightfall, they will return to Akiba like a victorious army laden with spoils, and the streets will be chaos. I know Daru has gone to ComiMa. The question is, has Mayuri? I hope she has. I want things to be normal again. I remember what I heard yesterday. The feelings Mayuri expressed at her grandmother's grave. The events of the last few weeks have affected her as well. After I escorted Mayuri home from the cemetery, I spent the whole night wracking my brain for a third option, a way out of this mess. My thoughts were a jumble, ideas coming and going too fast to judge which were right and which were wrong. But of course, there isn't a right choice here. For in the end, it always comes back to the same question. Who do I let die? And no matter how I try to dance around it, the answer is always the same. I can't choose. Is there no one else who can make this decision? No. Even if there were, I know I'd never accept their choice. Whichever it happened to be. Once again, I'm heading for the roof of Radi-Kan. I had to get out of the lab. Mayuri or Kurisu might return at any moment, and I can't face them now. I look up at the sky. The clouds are dark and heavy. It could start raining any minute now.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I thought that I was alone, but someone was here before me. Kurisu is lying in the middle of the roof, arms and legs spread as if making a snow angel. The image of Kurisu in a pool of blood flashes through my mind. Is she alright!? I run towards her, but before I make it halfway, she suddenly sits up and turns to face me.
Kurisu: ...Okabe.
Rintaro: You're alive...
UNSPOKEN: What a dumb thing to say. Fortunately, it looks like Kurisu didn't hear me. She's busy combing her disheveled hair with her fingers. I breathe a silent sigh of relief.
Kurisu: Right. I forgot I might run into you here.
Rintaro: What were you doing?
Kurisu: ...Thinking.
Rintaro: Oh...
UNSPOKEN: Was she thinking about her death? I don't know what to say, so I keep my mouth shut. Kurisu appears to be in the same boat. She's staring at the capsule toy dispenser in the corner, her face wearing the usual frown. The awkward silence drags on. When you think about it, Kurisu's fate rests in my hands. My decision will determine whether she lives or dies. Her fantastic hypothesis yesterday was a desperate attempt to construct a scenario where she doesn't die. Even if she believes that her theory is correct, it must be difficult for her to avoid imagining her own death. I force a smile. I'm getting really uncomfortable here.
Rintaro: Looks like I'm in your way, so I'll just go.
Kurisu: ...Oh, okay.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I was expecting a sarcastic remark like Since when do mad scientists have manners? or something. Just then, something cold lands on the tip of my nose. When I look up, raindrops start landing on my forehead. An evening shower. It's only going to get more intense, and quickly. Kurisu hasn't moved a muscle. She's just standing there with her arms folded, staring at the ground as if she doesn't notice the rain at all.
Rintaro: Hey. It's raining.
Kurisu: Huh? Oh, yeah.
UNSPOKEN: She's acting strange, like her mind is elsewhere. I knew it. She's been thinking about...
Rintaro: Whoa!
UNSPOKEN: In less than a minute, the rain turns into a full downpour. We had no time to seek shelter.
Kurisu: What the hell!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's scream is drowned out by the roar of the rain.
Kurisu: Whew, what a surprise.
Rintaro: That's what you get for tempting the sky gods.
UNSPOKEN: Now safely inside the building, we take a moment to catch our breath. It's been a week since Suzuha's time machine disappeared, but Radi-Kan is still closed. The lights are off, and it's pretty dark inside.
Kurisu: You should've warned me sooner. Even my underwear's soaked.
Rintaro: Same here. I bet you're glad it's dark, huh?
Kurisu: What do you mean?
Rintaro: If the lights were on, I'd be able to see everything.
Kurisu: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Even in the dim light, I can tell that Kurisu is scrambling to cover her chest.
Kurisu: Ugh, I forgot that you're a perv too.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: J-just drop it! If you're imagining what color my underwear is, I'll kill you!
Rintaro: I'm not imagining anything.
UNSPOKEN: She's too self-conscious. But... the color of her underwear, huh? Hmmm... gotta be white.
Kurisu: Achoo!
Rintaro: Cold?
Kurisu: I'm not stripping naked, if that's what you're suggesting! Your pervy tricks won't work on me!
Rintaro: Who said strip!? Calm down, will you!?
Kurisu: Grr...
Rintaro: But if you want to strip, go right ahead. I can't make out your scrawny figure in this light anyway.
Kurisu: Another word, and I'll make you eat your cerebral neocortex with ponzu sauce!
Rintaro: S-sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Please, spare me that horror. Still, these wisecracks are a welcome distraction.
Kurisu: A storm like that shouldn't last long. Guess we'll just wait it out.
UNSPOKEN: I see Kurisu's shadowy form move to sit on the staircase. I sit next to her.
Kurisu: H-hey, get your own stair! W-what?
Rintaro: You're the one who said not to speak.
Kurisu: Y-you're too close... Don't come any closer, okay? You can stay where you are, but come any closer, and I'll push you away, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Our bodies gradually grow cold. We start shivering. Maybe I should take off my wet clothes. But if I do that, Kurisu will just call me a perv again. Better not. My eyes gradually adjust to the darkness. I can see Kurisu more clearly now. She's huddled up against the wall.
Kurisu: ...Don't look at me.
Rintaro: Impossible! How can you see where I'm looking!?
UNSPOKEN: Does she have infravision!?
Kurisu: So you were looking.
UNSPOKEN: Damn! She used Leading Question on me. That's such a high-level technique. I avert my eyes from Kurisu and take off my lab coat. That's when I notice my coat is torn at the shoulder.
Rintaro: Damn. Must have caught on something when we ran inside.
Kurisu: What are you talking about?
Rintaro: Just a little tear in my coat.
Kurisu: Is clumsiness one of your character traits?
Rintaro: Don't be ridiculous. I am a mad scientist. I bear the curse of insanity, not clumsiness.
UNSPOKEN: It seems like forever since I've talked to Kurisu as Hououin Kyouma.
Kurisu: Yeah, yeah.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly holds out her hand.
Kurisu: Give it here.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: I happen to have a sewing kit with me. I'll stitch it up for you.
Rintaro: A sewing kit? You?
Kurisu: Something wrong with that?
UNSPOKEN: I hand over my coat as asked.
Rintaro: You're an experiment-loving girl. You're not supposed to be... domestic.
Kurisu: Can't I be a domestic experiment-loving girl?
Rintaro: You? Domestic?
Kurisu: Relatively, maybe. Well, actually, I don't know the domesticity index for Japanese high school girls these days.
UNSPOKEN: There's an index for that? First I've heard of it. Kurisu skillfully threads the needle, despite the darkness.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...Did you really just happen to have that on you?
Kurisu: Get over it already. Is it really so wrong for me to have a sewing kit?
Rintaro: It's not wrong. It just seems like you planned for this.
Kurisu: So you're saying I brought it with me because I somehow knew your coat was going to get ripped. Uh-huh. Ridiculous. And before you get the wrong idea, I'm not fixing your coat because I want to or anything, okay?
Rintaro: Nice tsundere line.
Kurisu: Don't mock me. You just happened to tear your clothes, and I just happened to have a sewing kit handy when you did. It's coincidence. That's all.
Rintaro: Coincidence... Hey... you didn't time leap, did you?
Kurisu: So now you're saying that I went back in time for the sole purpose of repairing your stupid lab coat. Uh-huh. Ridiculous. Ridiculous! There. It's so important I said it twice. Comprendes?
Rintaro: You're right. If you had time leaped, you would've brought a towel, not a sewing kit.
Kurisu: What's that, sarcasm? All you do is complain.
UNSPOKEN: After working for a while, Kurisu cuts the string with her teeth, then hands me back my coat.
Kurisu: Here.
Rintaro: Thanks.
Kurisu: Um, by the way... it was dark, so I couldn't really see. If it turns out bad, it's not my fault. It was dark. That's all. Oh, and I hope you like the color. Because I have no idea which thread I used.
Rintaro: It's... random?
Kurisu: Black, red, or pink. Those are the three possibilities.
Rintaro: Let's just hope it's not pink...
Kurisu: Achoo!
Rintaro: Cold?
Kurisu: I guess.
Rintaro: Take my coat.
Kurisu: But it's wet.
Rintaro: Well, yeah, but...
UNSPOKEN: Silence again. The words flow so naturally when it's just harmless banter, but one second of silence, and suddenly we have nothing to say. It must be because of what happened yesterday. I'm so desperate to avoid the topic that nothing seems safe. I know I need to say something, but what?
Kurisu: ...Have you made your decision yet?
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is barely a whisper, but I can hear her clearly in the silence of the empty stairwell. I look at Kurisu. She's hugging her knees to her chest, presumably against the cold. My decision. I know what she means. That's why I can't answer.
Kurisu: Sigh... You still haven't made up your mind? You like Mayuri, don't you?
Rintaro: What?
UNSPOKEN: Where did that come from? Kurisu keeps staring into the darkness.
Kurisu: It's probably just my imagination, but lately, I've been seeing things. Like a strange sort of deja vu. In these visions, you're fighting to save Mayuri all by yourself. You never give up, no matter how much it hurts.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, too?
Kurisu: Then you come to me for help. You're so desperate, so earnest, that I just have to do what I can. N-not that I'm doing it for you, okay!? I just want to save Mayuri, that's all. Anyway, these images are stuck in my head, like memories.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: I tried self-analysis. Maybe I'm mistaking dreams for reality, projecting my hopes and fantasies... I don't know. But there's one thing I do know. You have to save Mayuri.
Rintaro: ...Aren't you afraid?
UNSPOKEN: To save Mayuri, I must undo the current worldline. If I do that, Kurisu will die.
Kurisu: You know, it kinda feels like we're trapped in an ancient ruin.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly changes the subject. She looks around the dark, empty stairwell.
Kurisu: Like the world ended... And we're the only two people left. I've been thinking. Say you go to the Beta worldline, and everyone else goes with you. What if I can't go with you? What if I'm the only one left behind? Would the entire world become like this place? It's just a theory... but I can't help but wonder.
Rintaro: I...
UNSPOKEN: I need to say it.
Rintaro: I'll save you. Not just Mayuri, but--
Kurisu: Don't make promises you can't keep!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu cuts me off sharply, then buries her face in her knees.
Kurisu: You asked me if I wasn't afraid. ...Of course I'm afraid. Maybe I'll disappear. Maybe I'll be left behind all alone. Or maybe only you will disappear and everything else will stay the same. The world will continue, and nobody will even know that you existed. I'll go back to America as if nothing ever happened. Maybe... maybe... maybe! I feel hopeless, just thinking about all the possibilities. But even so!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu raises her head and spears me with her glare.
Kurisu: Do you think I would tell you to let Mayuri die!?
Rintaro: Kurisu...
Kurisu: Jesus, it's cold!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grabs her own arms. In the darkness, I see her shoulders shaking.
Kurisu: It's because of these wet clothes! This sucks. Anyway, enough of this nonsense. It's nothing but conjecture. Baseless. Worthless. I want to cut open my skull and excise the part of my brain that comes up with these delusions.
UNSPOKEN: Now she's talking to herself in an angry tone. Kurisu has always been calm when faced with the unknown. I admired her for that. I thought she was facing this calmly too. But I was wrong. Behind her cool facade, she was struggling to cope with the knowledge that her very existence was in jeopardy. She was fighting that fear all alone, and now it has finally come to the surface. Of course she's afraid. However brilliant she may be, she's still just an 18-year-old girl. Kurisu abruptly stands up. I realize that I no longer hear the sound of rain pounding on the roof.
Kurisu: Listen, Okabe. You can't save both of us. Correct? No matter how you struggle, it's one or the other.
Rintaro: But...
Kurisu: No buts. My answer won't change. Save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I hear the pain in her voice... and also the resolve. Kurisu has made up her mind. I look away and clench my fists. My nails dig into the palms of my hands.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: You can, and you must! There's no other way.
Rintaro: No! You're our friend! I won't abandon you!
Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu drops to her knees and grabs me by the collar. I gasp for breath as she stares into my eyes. Her eyes are hard and stern. It's always like this when she scolds me. Always the same glare...
Kurisu: Is there another solution? There isn't, is there? I don't want to live if it means sacrificing Mayuri! If you don't save her, I'll never forgive you!
Rintaro: Guh...
UNSPOKEN: This can't be happening! I hate this choice with no right answer. I hate the universe for being so cruel. And most of all, I hate myself for forcing Kurisu to speak these words when she is the one with the most to lose. Tears well up in my eyes, but I bite my lip and hold them back. Is there really no other way? I can't bear it. I look straight back at Kurisu as she holds me by the collar...
Kurisu: Eh...?
UNSPOKEN: And tightly embrace her slender body. Her clothes are still wet from the rain, but all I feel is warmth radiating from the core of her being.
Rintaro: But you're right here! Why does it have to be this way!?
Kurisu: Okabe...
UNSPOKEN: Tension drains from her back and her hands. She gives her whole body to my embrace.
Kurisu: Thank you. I know you're hurting for me. But you've done enough. I'm fine, so just think about Mayuri, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Despite her fear, Kurisu has made her choice. It's time for me to do the same. I need to decide, here and now. The future of the world. Which friend to let die. Holding Kurisu tightly, I whisper into her ear...
Rintaro: I won't give up. Ever!
Kurisu: ...Kuh!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly pushes me away. She steps back. Her face is hidden behind her hair. But her fists are trembling. Her body exudes raw fury.
Kurisu: This is ridiculous! You... motherfucker!
Rintaro: Whoa!
Kurisu: I said I was fine! What do you mean you won't give up!? Are you stupid? Wanna die? Are you trying to be a hero, you chuunibyou wackjob? Don't make promises you can't keep! Your stupidity is infuriating! Why can't you just do as I say!?
Rintaro: I...
Kurisu: What's the problem, huh!? If you weigh the options logically, saving Mayuri is the only--
Rintaro: Fuck logic!
Kurisu: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at me in shock.
Rintaro: I'm not God! Maybe I got close, but that's not me! I can't decide who lives and who dies anymore!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha. Faris. Lukako. I sacrificed their happiness to save Mayuri. And the whole time, a voice in the back of my head was asking... Is this really okay? What gives me the right?
Rintaro: This time...
UNSPOKEN: This time, I want to save both of them, without sacrificing anyone.
Kurisu: Hmph!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away with a frown, then starts tapping her foot in a clear gesture of displeasure.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I know... but I'm still going to try!
UNSPOKEN: I won't lose Mayuri or Kurisu.
Kurisu: Kuh...
UNSPOKEN: I hear Kurisu grinding her teeth. Then she turns her back to me.
Kurisu: Have it your way! But I'm not helping. I'm going back to America, and that's that. Goodbye. I don't expect we'll meet again, Hououin Kyouma.
Rintaro: Kuh...
Kurisu: I can't believe this! How stupid can you be? You're so... stupid!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu disappears down the stairs, muttering insults until I can no longer hear her. Now alone, I sigh into the darkness. Kurisu is absolutely right. I can't think of a single way to save them both. I'm a fool. And yet, I have to try. But this time, I won't have Kurisu's help. I have to fight the universe alone. How do I save both Kurisu and Mayuri? I can't use D-Mail. Too much could go wrong. I don't want to make the same mistakes again. In the end, all I can do is time leap. Time leaping can't save Mayuri, but at least it can delay her death, give me time to find a solution. On this worldline, Mayuri dies at half past seven on the night of August 17th. That's about 26 hours from now. My battle has no end in sight. If only Suzuha were here, I could have asked her for advice. But even alone, I must find a way. So resolved, I start time leaping again to save Mayuri. I've done this before. When Mayuri died the first time at Moeka's hands, I tried time leaping to prevent her death. But I only tried running away that time. This time, I try every approach I can think of. I try hiring bodyguards to protect Mayuri. I try taking Mayuri to South America -- an entire world away from Japan. I try crippling SERN with attacks on their servers, the ones that don't need the IBN 5100. I try getting Mayuri admitted to a hospital. It's hard, given Mayuri's perfect health, but I manage. My goal is to keep her from dying by heart attack. I try everything I can possibly imagine. However. Every plan fails. Mayuri dies, again and again and again. Sometimes it's murder, sometimes an accident. But every time I leap, Mayuri dies. Maybe it really is impossible to resist fate. As long as I remain on this worldline, Mayuri can't be saved. Fate will kill her every time. From Mayuri's perspective, she only dies once. But I have seen her die dozens of times. All because of me. And yet, it no longer affects me as it used to. Little by little, I have grown desensitized to her death. In the beginning, I felt unbearable pain every time I saw her die, and murderous rage towards the ones responsible. Now I feel nothing. The realization stuns me. After dozens of leaps, I finally realize what should have been obvious from the beginning -- I never leap back more than 26 hours. Why? I could go back as far as August 11th -- one whole week in the past. Yet I never do. Why? Because I know that even if I do, nothing will change. I don't believe that anything will change. Every time Mayuri dies, I find myself thinking, Another failure. What went wrong this time? I calmly analyze Mayuri's death, then take my data and head for the Time Leap Machine with a sigh, like a gamer forced for the umpteenth time to restart a particularly difficult stage. I'm just going through the motions. I didn't even realize, until this moment, how routine it had all become. Now that I have, my actions suddenly seem meaningless. I can't take another step. And that's how I find myself here, sitting motionless in front of the Time Leap Machine. I've been staring at it for hours. When we got caught in that evening shower on the Radi-Kan rooftop, my clothes got soaked. But now they're completely dry. My body temperature has dropped, but I don't have the energy to warm myself with a shower. I sluggishly get to my feet and pick up the headset. The sight of it fills me with resignation. Resignation. That's all. There is no desperate drive to save Mayuri, no hope that this time I might succeed. Those emotions are long gone. In truth, they have been gone since my argument with Kurisu. Deep down, I always knew that she was right. I pretended not to see it. I told myself that the Time Leap Machine could solve everything.  But that was just an excuse, a last attempt to satisfy my ego. In the end, all I'm doing is--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I turn around in surprise, and there I see Kurisu standing in the doorway. I thought she never wanted to see me again. Why is she here?
Rintaro: Why...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ignores my question and fixes me with her usual glare.
Kurisu: Time leaping is just running away.
UNSPOKEN: You don't have to tell me. I already know. I know all too well. In the end, all I'm doing is running away. Running from responsibility. Running from the decision. If I had known I would have to make this choice, then I would have refused Suzuha when she entrusted me with her mission.
Rintaro: I've hurt people... lots of people... just to save Mayuri. And yet, I don't even feel guilty anymore. I feel like I'm losing my humanity.
Kurisu: Then why are you hesitating now?
Rintaro: ...Maybe because my insurance, the Time Leap Machine, isn't effective. Or maybe I just haven't mastered it yet. Maybe I haven't tapped into its full potential.
Kurisu: Running only makes it hurt more.
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly looks away. Then she leans against the wall and smiles bitterly.
Kurisu: I should know.
UNSPOKEN: Is Kurisu running too? From what?
Kurisu: Look at yourself, Okabe. You look like you've aged a decade. Your heart can't take it anymore. You don't need to beat yourself up like this. Just accept the truth. Like I said, you can't stay here. Go to the Beta worldline. Go to the world where Mayuri doesn't die. Not just for your sake, but for mine as well.
UNSPOKEN: She's right. I have no other options left. No more D-Mails. No more time leaps. There's no perfect world where both Kurisu and Mayuri live. Maybe there are things I have yet to try, but I'm certain that all of them will end in vain. As long as I stay on this worldline, Mayuri will die. And if I go to the Beta worldline, Kurisu will die. We'll never be able to talk like this again. It's only been twenty days since we met, and yet... Memories of Kurisu flash before my eyes.
Kurisu: Thank you. I know you're hurting for me.
UNSPOKEN: So much has happened these past twenty days. We argued. We exchanged insults. We made incredible discoveries together, and when confronted with the implications, we shared our fears. Whenever I hit a dead end in my struggle to save Mayuri, I always turned to Kurisu for help. She always listened. She always believed me. And I helped her too, when she was distraught over her father. We promised to go to Aomori together. Without this girl genius on our side, we would not have the Time Leap Machine. Proud, passionate Makise Kurisu. Always strong, or at least pretending to be. A little nosy, too, and serious to a fault. Before I knew it, she had become the center of the lab. From the very beginning, I was attracted to her radiant confidence. I found myself mesmerized by her every gesture. Hanging on her every word. I listened enraptured whenever she presented her latest theory. At the end of the day, the reason I never called her by her name... was because I was too embarrassed. I admired her. I longed for her. And I didn't want to admit it to myself. Only now do I realize the truth. I love her. And that is why I want so desperately to save her. She's not just a fellow lab member. To me, Kurisu is far more than that. And yet, I have no choice. In the end, everything she said was right.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: In a desperate attempt to hold back my tears, I bite my lip tightly. The taste of blood spreads through my mouth.
Rintaro: Why does it have to be you? Why!?
UNSPOKEN: I pound my fist on the table. Silence. Nothing moves. Outside the window is only darkness. Is this what it's like to be the only person left in the world?
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe. Once you go to the Beta worldline, Mayuri and Hashida will forget the time we spent together, right?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's cheeks start to redden, and she turns away.
Kurisu: Will you... remember me?
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is barely a whisper.
Rintaro: Of course I'll remember you. Of course I will! There's no way I could ever forget the girl most important to me!
Kurisu: Eh? Y-you mean... Wh-what the hell are you saying!?
Rintaro: The truth.
Kurisu: B-but... proof. I need proof. I can't come up with a formula otherwise!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is getting flustered for some reason.
Kurisu: When the anterior pituitary gland hypersecretes ACTH, and gamma waves induce stochastic resonance, we can assume an infinite Hausdorff dimension for the Hilbert curve. That is, we can measure the asymptotic line with positron emission tomography...?
Rintaro: Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I speak her name. Our eyes meet.
Rintaro: I love you.
Kurisu: ...!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks away. Her face is bright red.
Rintaro: And you?
Kurisu: Eh!? Wh-what!?
Rintaro: Do you, uh... How do you feel about me?
Kurisu: Y-you want to know?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly looks me straight in the eye. Her face is still red, but her expression is firm. She walks straight up to me, grabs me by the collar, and jerks me towards her.
Kurisu: Close your eyes!
UNSPOKEN: Did I make her mad? Perhaps Kurisu hates me for some reason. Maybe she really did mean all those insults she's said to me. That would be really sad... I slowly lick my trembling lips, and timidly try to ask a question.
Rintaro: Why close my--
Kurisu: Just shut up and close them!
UNSPOKEN: I do as I'm told, though I still don't know why she's so angry. My collar is still in Kurisu's grip.
Kurisu: nn...
UNSPOKEN: Abruptly, I feel a soft sensation against my lips. The faint scent of citrus tickles my nose. When I open my eyes in surprise... I see Kurisu's face scant millimeters away. And then I understand what has happened. She's kissing me. Her lips are very warm. My mind goes blank. I'm unable to think. I want to stay like this forever. But soon, our lips separate. Kurisu looks down shyly.
Rintaro: Wha... wha...
Kurisu: I-it's not like I did it... because I wanted to or anything. It's just... you promised... that you wouldn't forget about me. Research shows that memories are harder to forget when coupled with intense emotions. Y-you're a virgin and a perv, so I was sure you'd have an elaborative rehearsal on your first kiss, instantly making it a long-term memory you'd never forget... so... I just don't want you to forget about me, Okabe. No matter what.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: S-sorry to disappoint you.
Kurisu: ...eh?
Rintaro: That wasn't my first kiss.
Kurisu: W-why you... You're just a cherry boy!
Rintaro: Shut up, virgin.
UNSPOKEN: I remember playfully kissing Mayuri in elementary school. And just a little while ago, I forcibly kissed Moeka to silence her. But that was on another worldline, and now it never happened, so... I guess it doesn't count?
Kurisu: So it wasn't your first...
Rintaro: Right. So it only left a weak impression. Probably not enough to become a long-term memory.
UNSPOKEN: I'm lying, of course. I've never felt such an intense kiss as that. The shock was like a lightning bolt to the brain. But still, I'm lying. Because if I miss this opportunity, I'll never be able to touch Kurisu again. This is my last chance.
Rintaro: So, once more.
Kurisu: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu fidgets. She usually glares at me harshly, but now she's avoiding my eyes.
Rintaro: I don't ever want to forget... so let's make doubly sure.
UNSPOKEN: I decide to take the initiative. I wrap my arm gently around Kurisu's waist and pull her slender body against mine.
Kurisu: Th-then I guess there's no choice...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at me shyly.
Kurisu: Just a kiss... okay?
UNSPOKEN: What is she worried I'll do?
Kurisu: Be gentle... okay?
UNSPOKEN: I run my fingers softly through her hair. Then I slowly bend down...
Kurisu: Okabe... Mm...
UNSPOKEN: We're both shy, so we end up pecking at each other's lips like two small birds. Then we draw back and look at each other. Kurisu's eyes are wet. Tears are running down her cheeks. I kiss them away. They're salty.
Kurisu: Don't forget me...
UNSPOKEN: We press our lips together again. Stronger than the first time. Longer than the first time. I never want to let go. We embrace each other tightly, our feelings too powerful to contain.
Kurisu: mm...
UNSPOKEN: We seek each other's warmth again and again. Locked in our embrace, we feel each other's breath. We feel each other's scent. We feel each other's taste.
Kurisu: It's too fast...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's whisper resonates through our embrace.
Kurisu: Time is going by too fast. I could really use a word with Einstein right now. Time is not absolute. Einstein proved that time could be fast or slow, depending on the observer. Hey, Okabe. The theory of relativity is so romantic... ...and so sad, don't you think?
UNSPOKEN: How does Kurisu feel about me? In the end, she never really answered my question. Early morning, Akihabara Station. Kurisu is standing before the entrance with her huge suitcase beside her. She waves to me shyly as I approach. Then she blushes and shoots me her usual glare. After that kiss, Kurisu went back to her hotel to pack. That suitcase must hold everything that she brought to Japan. She's going back to America.
Kurisu: ...Well then.
Rintaro: Are you sure I shouldn't call Mayuri and Daru?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks like she's about to cry. I'm sure I look just as sad. But I won't cry. I don't have that right.
Rintaro: This is a souvenir. Take it.
UNSPOKEN: I hand her Future Gadget No. 2: The Bamboo Helicam. It's a bamboo helicopter equipped with a CCD camera, which allows it to record video in the air. A truly groundbreaking invention. But sadly, due to its constant high-speed rotation, the video it produces tends to cause motion sickness.
Kurisu: Uh... no thanks.
Rintaro: Just take it. It's not even that bulky.
UNSPOKEN: I wanted to give her Future Gadget No. 7: Ghost in the Ball, but it was too big. Kurisu accepts Bamboo Helicam with a strained smile.
Kurisu: Oh, fine. I guess I'll take it.
UNSPOKEN: And then, silence. No words of farewell. We just look at each other.
Rintaro: Sorry I couldn't go with you to Aomori...
Kurisu: Yeah... But these two weeks were fun, in their own way. Give my regards to Mayuri and Hashida, okay?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu spreads her arms wide. Without a moment's hesitation, I step forward, and embrace the girl genius one last time.
Kurisu: Hang in there, Okabe.
Rintaro: ...Stay well.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu smiles faintly, then turns and walks toward the entrance with suitcase in hand. I watch her go, unable to move a muscle. I want to stop her. I want to wrap my arms around her and tell her to stay with me forever. But I can't. This is what we decided. To save Mayuri. To save the future. I'm sorry, Kurisu. I can't save you. Kurisu will disappear. She'll be left behind on this worldline. There is no place for her in the coming world.
Rintaro: I... I will remember you, Makise Kurisu. I will remember your warmth. I will never forget!
UNSPOKEN: I don't know whether Kurisu hears my words. She keeps walking. Stride steady. Back straight. Long, silky hair fluttering in the wind. She's quickly fading into the distance. But I can tell. I see her shoulders trembling. We will never meet again. Our worldlines will never cross again. I'm glad I met you, Kurisu. I would have been lost without you. I love you. Goodbye. I stand there in the entrance as commuters file past, until long after she has vanished from sight, afraid that any motion, any thought... Might cause the tears to fall.
Rintaro: The time has come. We will now commence the final phase of Operation Verthandi.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru turn to me and nod. Today is the last day of ComiMa. Daru wanted to attend, of course, but a little begging convinced him to prioritize the operation. I take a look around the lab. These twenty days have been madness. It's incredible to think that at one point, this lab had a whole eight members. And now we're back to three. The memories we made. The experiences we shared. To save Mayuri, I will undo them all. There is sorrow in me. And guilt. I engrave them deep inside my heart. I'll never forget -- I mustn't forget -- these long, yet short summer days. But still, I choose to erase our memories. I choose to return everything back to normal. Suzuha's mission is irrelevant. I'm not doing this for the future. As long as Mayuri lives, nothing else matters.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: ...You sure?
Rintaro: ...Yeah.
Itaru: Okey-dokey!
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts typing on the IBN 5100. It's already connected to his main computer. This will get us into SERN's central database, where they keep the data they mine with Echelon. There we will locate the first D-Mail I sent on July 28th, and erase all trace of its existence. With this, I can reach the Beta worldline. At last, Mayuri will be safe. I look at Mayuri. She's on the couch, sitting straight as a ramrod, with her grandmother's pocket watch pressed to her ear. She stays still, her eyes closed. Whenever Mayuri wants to calm down, she listens to the sound of that pocket watch. Earlier, I told Mayuri everything. I guess she's come to terms with it, in her own way. The actual work, I've left to Daru. No problem there. While waiting for him to finish, I walk into the development room. In the center of the room is the Time Leap Machine. I squat down and gently brush my fingers against the microwave's surface. It's cool to the touch. I've made irreplaceable friends because of this thing. And because of this thing, I've hurt them. But I don't want to blame the tool. It's how you use the tool that matters. And I've got to admit, it's saved me more than once. But still. Once this is over, I'll destroy the Time Leap Machine. We must never make the same mistakes again.
Itaru: Okarin, I found it! It's really there!
Rintaro: The D-Mail I sent? It's there!?
Itaru: It sure is, man.
UNSPOKEN: Daru points to a string of characters. My name is there, followed by the message I wrote about Kurisu's death. Three lines total, each twelve characters long. This data led SERN to our doorstep. At FB's instruction, Moeka and the Rounders attacked. If Suzuha is right, then by erasing this data, we will escape from Attractor Field Alpha, where SERN dominates the future. That will take us to Attractor Field Beta. To the Beta worldline within its range of convergence. To a future without Mayuri's death. Mayuri is standing next to me, gazing intently at the monitor. She grasps my hand firmly.
Mayuri: Okarin...
Rintaro: It's okay.
UNSPOKEN: She looks anxious, so I pat her head to calm her down.
Itaru: Everything's set. One press of the enter key, and that data's gone.
UNSPOKEN: Daru stands up and gestures to the open seat.
Itaru: I leave that honor to you, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: I sit down and face the keyboard. This time. This time, it ends. Kurisu's face floats through my mind. I close my eyes and take a deep breath. ...Goodbye, Kurisu. Slowly, I raise my right hand and extend my index finger.
Rintaro: Victory is at hand!
UNSPOKEN: Daru twitches at my cry.
Rintaro: With unimaginable brilliance and unwavering conviction, I have defeated our vast and powerful enemy and now stand triumphant on the field of Ragnarok! I give thanks to the comrades... whose sacrifice made this victory possible!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: The coming world... is the world I wished for!
UNSPOKEN: I wished for Mayuri to live, and Kurisu to die. That is the truth. And I must never forget it.
Rintaro: This is the choice of Steins Gate!
UNSPOKEN: This is the choice of Okabe Rintaro.
Rintaro: Let the world be reborn!
UNSPOKEN: I swing down my index finger. And at the exact same time, I hear the lab door open. My eyes dart towards the sound.
Kurisu: --!
UNSPOKEN: There, in the doorway, stands Kurisu. Her face is flushed. Was she running? Why is she here? She should be on her way to the airport right now. Kurisu is looking at me. Her eyes are glistening, but her face is all smiles. Did she come back for me? In a split second of frozen time, I imagine I hear her voice. We didn't say goodbye, she says. Immediately afterward, my finger strikes the enter key. The world starts to warp. The timeline is being rewritten. I feel my consciousness being sucked into the vortex. Reading Steiner. Divergence is changing. The warp accelerates. Kurisu. Daru. Mayuri. Everything inside the lab is shifting. Color fades as my consciousness leaves this worldline. I turn to face Kurisu, desperate to burn this last sight of her into my eyes. She raises her hand.
Kurisu: Goodbye. Okabe, I lo--
UNSPOKEN: The world gradually stops spinning. Little by little, color returns. I look to the door. She was standing there just a moment ago. My assistant, Christina... Makise Kurisu. Now she is gone, vanished like a dream. I look around the room. Next to me is Daru. Behind me is Mayuri. Everything is where it should be. It looks like nothing has changed at all. I gently touch my coat's shoulder, where Kurisu fixed a torn seam. ...It's gone. My coat isn't torn. The stitches, uneven from having been sewn in the dark, have disappeared. There's no trace of that ridiculous pink thread. I stand up and head to the development room. Underneath the table, the Time Leap Machine... No. That's not the Time Leap Machine. That's the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The upgrades Kurisu made are gone. Nothing has changed. This world is exactly the same. In all respects save one. Kurisu... was never here. Every trace of her has vanished. Kurisu is nowhere now. Nowhere, except in my memories. Mayuri and Daru are looking at me.
Rintaro: ...Hey, who was Lab Mem 004 again?
UNSPOKEN: I need to ask. Even though I know what the answer will be.
Mayuri: Okarin, there isn't a 4th lab mem, remember?
Itaru: Are you going to introduce a new member? Requesting cute girl.
Rintaro: ...No.
UNSPOKEN: I knew that it would be like this. But the fact that they forgot her existence is so saddening. So frightening. I am the only person in the world who remembers Makise Kurisu as Lab Member 004. So I won't forget. I alone will live with her memory engraved upon my heart. ...Now, time to proclaim my triumph. There are still things that must be done. And many sacrifices were made to get here. But despite all that, this is my victory. I have won.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru stare in wonder at my abrupt laughter.
Rintaro: The last battle of Ragnarok is won! I, the insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma, with an IQ rivaling that of Einstein himself, have thwarted the Organization, outsmarted SERN-- And conquered the whole of space and time! Now, at the moment of my triumph, I stand before you as a god! This brave new world is the fruit of my ambition! The hated System shall collapse, and chaos shall rule the Earth! This truly is the choice of Steins--
Mayuri: Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri suddenly throws her arms around me. I freeze, utterly taken aback. Daru looks as confused as I am. Mayuri looks up at me and smiles. It's the gentlest smile I've ever seen.
Mayuri: It's okay now.
Rintaro: Wha... what are you saying? I must proclaim our glorious victory, that all may--
Mayuri: But Okarin... you look like you're about to cry.
Rintaro: ...!
Mayuri: You don't have to try so hard, okay? I know you're doing it for me, but I don't want to be a burden. So you don't have to pretend anymore, okay? If you're hurting, just say so. Like normal Okarin would.
Rintaro: But... I...
Mayuri: You don't have to worry about Mayushii anymore. Mayushii is fine. So you can cry if you want to, okay? I don't know what happened... But it's okay to cry now.
UNSPOKEN: And just like that, the mask shatters. All it took was one word from Mayuri. Mayuri, the sister I never had, the girl who always needed my protection. I had to save her. That was my purpose. I even sacrificed the girl I loved. But now, I finally realize that it's over. Mayuri is safe. I'm... free. Once more, I see Kurisu's face in my mind's eye. I recall the warmth of her body. The softness of her lips. The weight of her last words. One by one, they pound against my heart. I can't bear it anymore.
Itaru: Whoa, man. Are you really crying?
UNSPOKEN: My vision blurs. Tears run down my cheeks.
Rintaro: I... I...
UNSPOKEN: A tidal wave of emotion crashes over me. Nothing remains to hold it back. I'll never see Kurisu again. That knowledge shreds my heart. I can't hold back my sobs. I can't stop my tears. This is the world I've been searching for. A world where Mayuri does not die. And yet, it is missing the person most precious to me. It's too much. It's too cruel. Why did it have to be Kurisu? Why was I forced to choose? Why did she send me off with a smile!? I cling to Mayuri. She strokes my hair gently. I surrender to my grief. Three days have passed since then, and Mayuri is still alive. Moeka and the Rounders have not attacked, and Tennouji has shown no sign of moving against us. Daru has been visiting MayQueen as usual, while Mayuri has been working on costume designs for next ComiMa. Everything is back to normal. Everything... save for the hole in my heart.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I'm standing by the dumpster out back of the lab. We just finished dumping the last of the trash. This morning, I called Daru, and together we dismantled the PhoneWave and the IBN 5100.
Itaru: Man, what a waste. That thing was worth a fortune.
Mayuri: And now we don't have a microwave... How will Mayushii eat her Juicy Chicken Number One?
Rintaro: Come on. I'll get you a new microwave.
UNSPOKEN: We no longer need the PhoneWave, that miraculous time machine built by coincidence. It brought Kurisu into my life. But at the same time, it made many people suffer. It must never be used again. Not by me. Not by anyone. It's time for the PhoneWave to die. And with it, the insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma, lord of space and time. I recall what Kurisu once said.
Kurisu: I don't want to deny who I've been. Because even my failures are a part of who I am today.
UNSPOKEN: I gaze once more upon the scrap heap that was Future Gadget No. 8. We stripped it down to the last bolt and circuit board. Surely no one can rebuild it now. Time travel is too much power for any human to wield. We don't need D-Mails or time leaps. Even if nothing in the future is guaranteed. Even though I may die tomorrow. Life was never meant to be redone. And that's fine by me. Wouldn't you say so too, Kurisu? I look up at the sky, and even though it's the middle of the day, I can see a single star shining. Maybe it's Venus. Which suddenly reminds me.
Kurisu: Going to the past is possible right now. Look into the sky at night, and you can see how things were tens of thousands of years ago.
UNSPOKEN: Every night, we casually travel through time. That's what Kurisu said. And each and every word she spoke, I carve into my heart. So that I'll never let them slip from memory. For as long as my life endures. She said to meet her on the roof of Radi-Kan. When I get there, I find it cordoned off. The roof was off-limits to begin with, but now it's also part of a crime scene. As if I needed another reminder of the murder that took place here three weeks ago. I duck under the yellow tape and open the door. The lock is still broken. I can hardly breathe after running up the stairs to get here. As I gasp for air, I look across the stark white concrete. And naturally, my eyes go straight to the satellite sitting smack-dab in the middle of the roof.
Rintaro: No way...
Mayuri: Wow! What's that?
Itaru: It's a robot, right? The transforming kind?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru are just as surprised. What is that thing? I mean, it looks like Suzuha's time machine. But there's something different about it. Suzuha's looked old and beat up. This one looks brand new. It's not stuck in the wall, either. And besides, this is the Beta worldline, where SERN's dystopia never forms. Suzuha has no reason to travel to 2010. That satellite shouldn't be here. And yet, I feel like I've seen it before. Where? When did I... Of course! It was at Doctor Nakabachi's presentation! Right before the presentation started, something shook the building like an earthquake. And when I went to check the roof, this satellite was sitting there. Though still confused, I approach the satellite. Just then, the hatch opens, and someone steps outside.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Suzuha!
UNSPOKEN: It really is her. The part-time warrior. John Titor. Time traveler from 2036. Daru's daughter, who will be born 7 years from now.
Rintaro: Why are you here!?
UNSPOKEN: I asked her the same question over the phone, but I can't help myself. I need answers.
Suzuha: Are you Okabe Rintaro? I need to know.
Rintaro: Y-yeah...
UNSPOKEN: The way she puts it makes it sound like she's never met me before. And now that we're talking face to face, I realize that there's something very different about her. For starters, what's with all the camo? It looks dirty and worn, like she's been fighting in it for a while. She's even carrying a gun, for some reason, and I'm pretty sure it's not a replica. Is she really Amane Suzuha?
Rintaro: Hold on. Just hold on one second.
UNSPOKEN: This doesn't make sense! No, calm down. Figure this out, Okabe. You know that this is impossible. Suzuha can't be here. She leapt to 1975 in her one-way time machine. She found the IBN 5100, made sure it would get to you, then passed away in the year 2000. So where did this girl come from?
Suzuha: I'm a time traveler from the year 2036. I have a request for Uncle Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: U-Uncle!?
Mayuri: You're an uncle?
UNSPOKEN: We don't have time to humor Mayuri's question. Suzuha walks up to me and looks me in the eye. Her expression is grim. The next words out of her mouth are the last thing I expected to hear.
Suzuha: This worldline is headed for World War Three! I need your help to prevent it! Please, help me change the future!
Rintaro: Wha... what the... What the hell are you talking about!?
Mayuri: World War Three? Oh no! That's really bad!
Itaru: Uh, are you really a time traveler? You're not just messing with us here?
Suzuha: Stay out of this, Dad.
Itaru: D-Dad!? W-whoa... that was a shock. I mean, it's not every day a mysterious beauty calls me dad. Though to be honest, I'd prefer to be called big brother.
Rintaro: Wait! Everyone just wait! Let me think!
UNSPOKEN: I take a deep breath. Okay... let's figure this out. I turn to Suzuha.
Rintaro: Is that thing a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha nods curtly. She hasn't smiled once. There's no hint of the cheerful Suzuha I remember. Instead, I sense strength, conviction, and steel resolve.
Rintaro: Your father built it?
Suzuha: That's right.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha glances at Daru.
Rintaro: Where did you come from?
Suzuha: The year 2036. I stopped in 1975 and 2000 first.
Rintaro: You... what?
UNSPOKEN: That doesn't make any sense. She's obviously not in her 40s. Which means...
Rintaro: That time machine can travel to the future!?
Suzuha: It wouldn't be much of a time machine otherwise.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: You're... from a different future?
Suzuha: A different future?
Rintaro: What's going on in 2036? What about SERN's dystopia?
Suzuha: SERN? What's that?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha frowns. She doesn't know about SERN? That settles it. She's definitely not the Suzuha I know.
Rintaro: You said something about World War Three?
Suzuha: Right. In my time, humanity has been reduced to less than a billion people.
Itaru: Less than a billion? But the population now is like 6. 7 billion. Are you saying 5. 7 billion people died!?
Suzuha: That's what happens when you use nuclear weapons. It was just like the Cold War. Only this time, they were fighting over time travel technology. It started with a race between the EU and Russia. Then the Americans got involved, and things really went to hell. They were all desperate to stop anyone else from being first to build a time machine. Whoever controls time controls the world, right?
UNSPOKEN: Time travel again... It has the power to grant your dreams, and at the same time, destroy everything you love. I know that better than anyone.
Suzuha: By 2036, the war's over, but it left the Earth in ruins. We won't survive for long, not as things are.
UNSPOKEN: It's unbelievable. In the future of the Alpha worldline, SERN used their time machine to fashion a dystopia where no one could oppose their rule. Suzuha traveled to the past to change that. She showed me how to escape that convergence. The result is this, the Beta worldline. Here, SERN fails to complete its time machine. But instead, 5. 7 billion people die in the fires of nuclear war.
Rintaro: This can't be happening...
UNSPOKEN: My legs fold beneath me. I sink to my knees. 
Mayuri: Are you okay?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri kneels beside me and gently rubs my back. But I'm too stunned to respond to her kindness. I glare at Suzuha. Though I know it's absurd, part of me blames her.
Rintaro: Why is this happening!? You lied to me! You said a peaceful future was waiting for us on the Beta worldline!
UNSPOKEN: We saved Mayuri. We changed the future. And now, after everything we did, Suzuha appears before me once again to say that it wasn't enough!?
Suzuha: We're at a point of great divergence, when--
Rintaro: I know that already!
Suzuha: Then you understand! 5. 7 billion people are going to die, and the survivors will be left with no future! No hope! I came here to prevent that. And to do that, I need your help, Uncle Okari--
Rintaro: I refuse!
Suzuha: --!
UNSPOKEN: I reject her plea outright. Suzuha looks hurt, betrayed, like an abandoned puppy. How dare she look at me that way? I borrow Mayuri's shoulder and struggle back to my feet.
Rintaro: I came here from the Alpha worldline. I had to sacrifice the girl I loved to make it this far!
UNSPOKEN: I can't go back. Not to the worldline where Mayuri dies.
Rintaro: I don't care if 5. 7 billion people die! I won't let her... I won't let Kurisu's sacrifice be in vain!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Wait. You mean you've been to another attractor field? Wow. So that's the power of Reading Steiner.
Rintaro: ...How do you know about that?
Suzuha: Dad told me. And I've met you before, Uncle Okarin. In the future, that is.
Rintaro: You've... met me?
Suzuha: I see... so the me of that attractor field went to the past too...
UNSPOKEN: A faint smile flickers across her face, then she looks at me with renewed intensity.
Suzuha: Uncle Okarin. I know you don't want to, but--
Rintaro: No. I won't let Kurisu's death be in vain. I won't let Mayuri die.
Mayuri: Huh? Mayushii dies?
Suzuha: By Kurisu, I assume you mean Makise Kurisu? Listen, Uncle. Let's say -- hypothetically -- that the only way to change the future of this worldline is to go to July 28th, 2010, the day Makise Kurisu dies... ...and save her. What would you do?
Rintaro: What!?
UNSPOKEN: Shock ripples through my body. What did she say? Save... Kurisu? But how? We no longer have the PhoneWave or the Time Leap Machine. And even if we did, I could never leap that far back.
Rintaro: Ah...!
UNSPOKEN: Of course. I look over Suzuha's shoulder, at the object disguised as a satellite.
Rintaro: Your time machine... We can use your time machine!
UNSPOKEN: It came all the way from 2036. It should have no trouble going back a mere three weeks. Even better, this time machine can do what Alpha Suzuha's could not. It can travel to the future. I can go to July 28th, save Kurisu, and return to the present. No D-Mails. No time leaps. Genuine physical time travel! I can't refuse. I literally can't refuse. I saw this time machine once before. On July 28th, that fateful day. Shortly before Kurisu was killed, I saw it standing in this very spot, as sure as it is standing before me now. There's only one thing that can mean. It has already been established that this time machine will appear on that day, in this place. Even before I sent the first D-Mail, my participation was assured. Even the thought of turning Suzuha down now is meaningless. Nothing is coincidence. Everything is inevitable. The revelation makes me dizzy. It's like I don't have the tiniest atom of free will, like my every action from the moment of my birth was planned for me by some cosmic force.
Suzuha: The worldline I'm aiming for isn't... what did you call it? The Alpha worldline? It's not that. What we're aiming for... Is the space between attractor fields.
UNSPOKEN: The... space between?
Suzuha: There lies a worldline unaffected by any attractor field. A worldline known as Steins Gate.
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: But that's the chuuni name I pulled out of my ass! It doesn't even mean anything!
Suzuha: I was told that Steins Gate is a brand new worldline, one no one has ever observed.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: Nope. It's never been observed. That's what makes it new. But Dad and Uncle Okarin were able to calculate its divergence. -0. 081609% relative to the current worldline. That's where we'll find Steins Gate.
Rintaro: And to reach that worldline, we have to save Kurisu?
Suzuha: Exactly. She's the key to averting World War Three. As long as she lives, the war won't happen. Or at the very least, 5. 7 billion people won't die.
Rintaro: Why?
Suzuha: Huh?
Rintaro: Why Kurisu? I mean, I know she's a genius, but are you telling me she's the hero who'll save 5. 7 billion people?
Suzuha: ...I don't know.
Rintaro: You don't know? And you expect me to go along with this!?
Suzuha: Hey, I'm just following Dad's plan. And apparently, you're the one who came up with it in the first place. If there's a flaw in your plan, then we're all in trouble.
Rintaro: It sounds like you didn't hear it from me. Is that right?
Suzuha: You passed away ten years ago -- 15 years from now, that is. The year 2025.
UNSPOKEN: The same result as on the Alpha worldline.
Suzuha: So I don't know the whole story. What I do know is that my dad continued your work. After you died, he built this time machine all by himself just to see your plan through.
UNSPOKEN: That's my super hacka...
Itaru: ...?
UNSPOKEN: He must have hacked into SERN and stolen their research, then used it to construct his own time machine. On the Alpha worldline, SERN killed Daru before he could complete the machine. But here, Daru was able to perfect his design. That's why it can go back to the future. At least, that seems the most likely explanation.
Suzuha: Uncle Okarin. Like I said, Steins Gate is unobserved. Nobody knows what future awaits us there. There's a chance that a dystopia rises from the ashes of World War Three. There's a chance that Makise Kurisu dies just two days after you save her. There's a chance that you don't die in 2025, but next week. But there's also a chance that when 2036 comes, there will be no dystopia, no world ravaged by war. There's a chance that everyone, including Makise Kurisu, will still be alive. There's a chance that a wonderful future awaits. At least it won't be the future I came from. And it won't be the future the other me came from. That much is certain.
UNSPOKEN: Is an unknown future really for the best? I would hate for the ending roll to say, Despite your best efforts, you made everything worse.
Suzuha: It's completely unknown, completely unpredictable.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu can't be saved. I know that. Even if we change the past, convergence will ensure her death, just as it did for Mayuri. It's impossible. There's no way this plan can succeed. In the end, fate will win, as it always has.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I look down at Suzuha's hand. Her skin is rough, her palm calloused.  This cool, collected, unsmiling Suzuha comes from a ruined world, from the ashes of a war that claimed over five billion lives. I can only imagine what she's been through. Kurisu... How I have dreamt of saving her. I would do anything -- anything -- to change her fate. But how do I know this invitation won't lead me into another maze of despair?
Mayuri: Um, Mayushii doesn't understand any of this... But this Makise person was very important to you, wasn't she? I think you should go for it!
Itaru: 5. 7 billion people, man. I can't even imagine. But don't sweat the small stuff. Just save the girl, and you're set for life! It's the dream of every otaku!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru offer me encouragement. But it's not enough to overcome my doubt. The Makise Kurisu we knew -- Lab Member 004 -- is already gone. Even if I save her on this worldline, she won't remember any of the time she shared with us. So there's no point! I won't bend time to my convenience. Not again. I'm not God. I don't have that right. If I try, I'll just end up making things worse! Reason pleads with me to stop. And yet. I look at Suzuha's outstretched hand. And then, with resignation... I grasp it firmly.
Rintaro: I'm in.
UNSPOKEN: Try though I may to fight it, this choice was made for me on July 28th, the moment I laid eyes upon this time machine.
Rintaro: Fate wants me to take your hand. Who am I to argue?
UNSPOKEN: I'm not at all confident that I can save Kurisu. How many times have I tried to resist fate only to fail? I don't want to see her die. But if there is a chance, however small, that she can be saved, I have to try. Even if I can't take back what we had, I want more than anything to save her.
Rintaro: Let's go.
Suzuha: Thank you, Uncle Okarin. Hop aboard!
Rintaro: Can this thing even fit two people?
Suzuha: Of course it can. It's my Dad's masterpiece!
Rintaro: Daru, your daughter really loves you.
Itaru: I don't get it, but stop calling me Dad. I'd rather be your big brother, if you know what I mean.
Mayuri: Be sure to come back, okay? I don't want you to disappear, okay?
Rintaro: I'm not going to another world. It's just a short hop to the past.
UNSPOKEN: I pat Mayuri's arm reassuringly. Then I follow Suzuha to the time machine's hatch and slip inside. The interior is cylindrical and surprisingly tight. When I sit down on the ledge that rims the cylinder, it puts me face-to-face with Suzuha, kind of like one of those giant teacup rides. There are fewer controls than I expected. The inside definitely looks more refined than what I saw of Suzuha's time machine on the Alpha worldline. But one thing remains the same: the time display panel, a black screen with red lettering. I guess that's just Daru's taste.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: When I hand it over, Suzuha casually tosses it out the hatch.
Rintaro: Hey!
Suzuha: It's better not to bring it. It'll cause interference.
UNSPOKEN: Interference? Oh, I see. We're going to July 28th. So there'll be two of me, and if I bring it, two of my phone. I guess that could be a problem if I got a call or something. So time travelers really do need to be careful about what they bring to the past.
Suzuha: Shut the hatch.
UNSPOKEN: I hear Mayuri and Daru cheering outside. Mayuri caught my phone, thankfully. I give them a final nod, then close the hatch. Silence engulfs us. Suzuha is operating the time display panel. She sets our destination. July 28, 2010. 11:50 AM.
Suzuha: That should do it.
Rintaro: That's cutting it awfully close.
UNSPOKEN: I remember that Doctor Nakabachi's presentation began at 12.
Suzuha: This time machine can't physically move.
Rintaro: Meaning?
Suzuha: No matter what time we travel to, we'll always arrive at the exact same coordinates. In other words, on the roof of Radi-Kan. I mean, it's a little more complicated than that, but there's no time to explain. Anyway, we could leap to the day before the presentation. But if we attract too much attention, they could close Radi-Kan and cancel the presentation. That's why we've gotta cut it close.
Rintaro: I see...
Suzuha: Uncle, this is your first time time traveling, right?
Rintaro: Okay, first, stop calling me Uncle. And yes. I've made more time leaps than I want to remember, but I've never time traveled before. According to John Titor, the G-forces are pretty strong. You feel like you're being stretched out.
Suzuha: Yeah, I wrote that.
Rintaro: The John Titor stuff?
Suzuha: Right. Back when I leapt to 2000.
Rintaro: I see...
UNSPOKEN: The past has changed -- changed back, I suppose, from my point of view. When I was on the Alpha worldline, I saw Titor post on @channel in real time. On this worldline, those posts were made to an English BBS in the year 2000.
Suzuha: You don't sound surprised.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing can surprise me now. My brain's too busy trying to process all this new information. It feels like it's gonna blow. 
Suzuha: I'll go over the mission one more time. Once we arrive, there'll be no time for chitchat. The objective is to prevent Makise Kurisu's death.
UNSPOKEN: Ever since I returned to this worldline, I've avoided all news of Kurisu's murder. I was afraid of setting that result in stone. So I still don't know who killed Kurisu. I don't know how or why she died. I don't know anything at all. If I had known it would come to this, would I have looked things up? I ask myself that question. The answer is no.
Rintaro: What about attractor field convergence?
Suzuha: That day's a turning point, remember? Meaning the probability of Makise Kurisu's death is roughly 50%.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: It may happen, it may not. No, it probably will. But I'm sure there's a loophole somewhere. That loophole is the doorway to Steins Gate.
UNSPOKEN: So in the end, it's a gamble.
Suzuha: Oh, one more thing. Watch out for Doctor Nakabachi.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Suzuha: Remember what I said about World War Three? It all started because of something called the Nakabachi Paper, a paper Doctor Nakabachi wrote detailing his theory of time travel.
Rintaro: But that fraud's theory was just a ripoff of John Titor's.
UNSPOKEN: Wait a minute... John Titor's sitting right in front of me.
Rintaro: So what Titor posted on the internet was true?
Suzuha: I mixed in some lies, so not many people listened to me at the time. I never thought someone would reevaluate it ten years later. Looks like he built his theory off what I wrote. Apparently, it's almost perfect. Anyway, Doctor Nakabachi was there when Makise Kurisu was killed, right? So watch out for him. I'm sure he's important to the divergence of this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: Doctor Nakabachi? Important? I thought he was just some con artist.
Suzuha: Ready to go? Fasten your seatbelt.
UNSPOKEN: I look underneath my butt to find what looks like a car seatbelt. I wrap it around my waist and fix my body to the seat.
Rintaro: Does it shake a lot?
Suzuha: Shake? No, it doesn't shake.
UNSPOKEN: You mean it does something else? Wait, is this safe!? Suzuha leans forward and pushes a bright yellow button on the bottom of the panel. There are no windows, so I can't tell if the time machine is moving.
Suzuha: It's only three weeks, so it shouldn't take more than two or three minutes.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha fastens her own seatbelt and sighs.
Suzuha: When I first leapt to 1975, it was six long hours with nothing to do.
UNSPOKEN: I guess time travelers have their own problems.
Suzuha: Since it's only a few minutes, we won't bother with the oxygen masks. Just be aware we'll have no oxygen for the duration.
Rintaro: You mean I have to hold my breath!?
Suzuha: Right here...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha points to the center of the cylinder -- the space between me and her.
Suzuha: There'll be an air pocket. Stick your head inside, and you'll have enough oxygen for about ten minutes.
Rintaro: Hey. For argument's sake... what happens if we fail to save Kurisu?
Suzuha: There's not much fuel left. We barely had enough to begin with. There's not even enough for a return trip to 2036. So if we fail to change the worldline, then I'll be stuck in this time. But don't worry. As long as we're just traveling three weeks each way, we still have enough for two round trips.
UNSPOKEN: So what she's really saying is that we only have two chances.
Rintaro: But then how do you plan to get back to 2036?
Suzuha: I don't. Once we reach Steins Gate, I won't have any reason to come to this time in the first place, will I? Causality will be reconstructed. I should disappear from this time, since I'll probably be living peacefully in 2036. But that all depends on you, Uncle Okarin.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Guh...uh...!
UNSPOKEN: It's getting worse! I look at Suzuha. She has her eyes shut and her jaw clenched tight. I can no longer move. It feels like my back is glued to the wall. My vision begins to warp. And within my warping vision, the powder of light still shifts through the colors of the rainbow. It's strangely beautiful, like something out of a painting. And still I keep falling. Where is it taking me? Through a tunnel in space-time? All I know is that I'm falling. Suddenly, everything goes dark. I try to scream, but even my voice falls away. It doesn't even reach my own ears. It's gravity. There's an intense gravitational distortion behind me. And I'm still falling towards it. My vision slowly recovers. The smell of ozone fills my nostrils. Suzuha takes a deep breath and unfastens her seatbelt.
Suzuha: We're here.
UNSPOKEN: I gulp for air. Did I really just travel through time? If so, then this is July 28th. The day Kurisu and I first met. The day I sent the first D-Mail. The day it all began. Suzuha takes out a digital watch. It's a fairly old-fashioned design.
Suzuha: I bought it in 1975, but it's not even three years old yet.
UNSPOKEN: This is where an uninformed person would say, In Japanese plz. Suzuha sets the watch to the correct time, then hands it to me. The display reads 11:51. Nakabachi's presentation starts at 12.
Suzuha: Let's do this. You keep an eye on Makise Kurisu and stop whoever tries to kill her.
Rintaro: And you?
Suzuha: I'll back you up. Also, remember how I took away your phone? The you of July 28th is here too. Meaning there are currently two Okabe Rintaros in this world. Whatever you do, don't let your past self see you. It could cause a major time paradox.
Rintaro: But Titor said that couldn't happen.
Suzuha: That was a lie. Misinformation.
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, Alpha Suzuha said the stuff she posted about the many-worlds interpretation was fake too.
Rintaro: Got it.
Suzuha: Then let's go. We'll rendezvous at the time machine when it's over!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha finishes her rushed explanation and motions me toward the hatch. I open the hatch and grab the rim. I squeeze my way out. Suzuha crawls out after me and closes the hatch.
Suzuha: You hide! I'll provide a distraction.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha runs up to the emergency door. And then, to my astonishment, she draws her gun and fires at the doorknob. The door opens easily. That must have broken the lock. Any minute now, a crowd of people will run up these stairs to see what happened. My past self will be among them. I need to hide before they get here! That was a close one. I nearly bumped into myself on the 8th floor landing. Right after I ran downstairs to the 7th floor, I heard footsteps running the other way behind me. Those footsteps were mine, no doubt. It was a near miss. To be safe, I descend to the 4th floor before stopping to take a breath. I take a look around, but there's nobody paying attention to me. I wonder what Suzuha is doing. I'm worried, but I need to focus on my own mission. I must prevent Kurisu's death. In about 30 minutes from now, just after Nakabachi's presentation ends, someone will murder her. I know where it happens. In the 8th floor hallway, towards the back of the building, where people rarely go. What I don't know is who stabbed her. Instead of running around and drawing attention to myself, I should just wait at the scene. Let's cool off here for about five minutes, and then head over there. If I remember correctly, Kurisu tried to talk to me in the assembly hall, but I blew her off and came down here. After that, I tried calling Mayuri, but her phone was off and I couldn't get through, so I went back up to the assembly hall to find her.  What time was that? I search my memories, trying to plot the actions I took on July 28th. It sounded simple when Suzuha said it, but staying away from my past self is going to take more work than I thought. Frustration mounts. I shove Suzuha's watch into my pocket to quash it. Just then--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: !?
UNSPOKEN: That voice... I turn around.
Rintaro: Kurisu...!
Kurisu: Um, do I know you?
Rintaro: No...
Kurisu: You came down from the roof just now, didn't you?
UNSPOKEN: She looks at me with those beautiful eyes, eyes shining with intelligence and strength of will. I thought I would never see her again. But now. Now, before my very eyes, is the girl I love. Tears well up in my eyes. I want to embrace her right this instant. It takes everything I have to resist the urge. Don't forget. This is our first meeting. This Kurisu doesn't know me.
Kurisu: I heard a strange sound from the roof. Is that why the building shook just now? What's going on? It's not Doctor Nakabachi's doing, is it?
UNSPOKEN: Why did I have to run into Kurisu, of all people? I can't answer. I'm afraid that if I speak, I'll be unable to contain my emotions. The memory of her last smile is burned into my mind, imploring me to act.
Kurisu: Are you listening? You're sweating like crazy.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me with suspicion. What would happen if I were to grab Kurisu and run?  Would divergence change? Would her murder be averted? I recall all the times Mayuri died. I recall all the times I time leaped to save her. Everything I tried ended in vain. I was unable to save her even once. No matter what I did, the world itself killed her. Won't it be the same with Kurisu? Should I even try? I reach towards Kurisu, my hand shaking.
Kurisu: Hey!
UNSPOKEN: She steps back in surprise and fear, clutching a manila envelope to her chest. This is our first meeting. I know that. But to me, she's still the girl I love.  If I'd been thinking straight a second ago, I would have realized that my plan to grab her and flee wasn't going to work. Kurisu would never follow some strange man she only just met. Running isn't an option. All I can do is wait at the scene of the crime. Fighting against the urge to stay, I force myself to turn and leave.
Kurisu: Please answer my question!
UNSPOKEN: But Kurisu pursues me. Why is she so desperate to know who I am? I do look suspicious. I'll admit that. But if she thinks I'm dangerous, why would she come alone? I turn around reluctantly and meet Kurisu's stare.
Kurisu: ...Answer me.
Rintaro: Can I--
UNSPOKEN: The words catch in my throat. Can I save her? I don't know. All I know is that convergence is merciless and cruel, and that I am powerless to stop it.
Kurisu: Can you... what?
UNSPOKEN: I shake my head, then bolt for the stairs before Kurisu can react.
Kurisu: W-wait! Stop!
UNSPOKEN: When I make it back to the 8th floor, the presentation has already started. I peek in through the door of the assembly hall.
Rintaro: Who the hell am I!? Someone who knows you for a fraud, that's who!
UNSPOKEN: Someone in the audience is shouting at Doctor Nakabachi. And that someone is me. Now I remember. I confronted Doctor Nakabachi in the middle of his presentation. I called him a fraud for ripping off John Titor's posts. From this angle, I look like a real asshole.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Staff members approach. Damn, this is embarrassing. But there's nothing I can do here. I need to leave before Kurisu appears. I turn around and head deeper into the dim passage. An image flashes through my mind. She was lying there, at the end of this passage, in a puddle of her own blood. Twenty minutes from now, that's exactly what will happen. Can I prevent it? ...I must. Whatever it takes. There's a pile of junk -- toolboxes, cardboard, and the like -- about halfway down the passage. The perfect hiding spot. I crouch behind them. Now all I have to do is wait for Kurisu to show. But what will I do when she does? Only now do I realize that I'm completely unarmed. I really didn't think this through. Kurisu was lying in a pool of blood. That means her killer had a weapon. Since I didn't hear a gunshot, it must have been a knife, or something similar. How am I going to defend her -- and myself? Is there anything around here that might work as a weapon? I still have about 20 minutes. But one wrong move, and someone might catch me. I shouldn't leave this spot. Maybe I'm being overly cautious, but this is my only chance to prevent Kurisu's death. I don't want to jeopardize that. I don't know what I'd do if I ran into Kurisu again. It's a miracle that I managed to tear myself away last time.
Rintaro: ...Haah.
UNSPOKEN: The longer I wait in the darkness, the harder it becomes. The anticipation is killing me. So far, not a single soul has passed down this hallway. I can faintly hear Nakabachi's voice through the mic from far away, but that's it. The silence does nothing but increase my tension. To make matters worse, it's hot and humid. I guess the air conditioner's not on back here. My entire body's drenched in sweat, and I haven't even been hiding for a minute. Sweat drips from my brow to the floor. I rub it out with my shoe. I have to keep waiting. There's no other choice. I stay there, crouched in the darkness, for what seems an eternity. In the distance, I hear the sound of sparse applause. I glance at Suzuha's watch. It's 12:26. I guess the presentation's over. I peek out from behind the boxes, and just then-- I hear footsteps approaching. I quickly duck back behind cover. My heart is pounding. Someone's coming this way. Who? Is it Kurisu's murderer? I clench my teeth and try to drive away the tension. I can only pray that I won't be found. Finally, the footsteps pass right by my hiding spot. Moving only my eyes, I sneak a glance at the person. Kurisu? There's no one with her. I didn't expect Kurisu to be the first to appear. What is she doing back here? This area is for employees only. Now that I think about it, Kurisu's murder made no sense. Why was she killed in a place she would normally never come? Careful to keep quiet, I watch Kurisu from the shadows. About five meters down the hall, she stops walking and leans against the wall. She's holding that manila envelope I saw her with earlier. She peeks inside and smiles softly. Why is she smiling? Kurisu rarely smiles like that. I mean, it's more like her to glare at people. That envelope... I search my memories again. When Kurisu approached me during Nakabachi's presentation, I'm pretty sure she was holding that envelope.  But did she have it when I discovered her body? I don't remember seeing it. What could be inside to make Kurisu smile like that? I can't begin to imagine. Kurisu hasn't moved a muscle. She's just standing there, head hung, her face hidden behind her long hair. I can't read her expression. Is she waiting for someone? Who? Who would she meet in a place like this? That's when I hear another set of footsteps approaching. I can't see who it is from where I'm hiding. But given the timing, it has to be the person who killed Kurisu! And as proof, Kurisu raises her head, and upon recognizing the newcomer, lifts her back off of the wall. Her expression softens slightly. The footsteps come even closer. Who is it?
Kurisu: ...I wanted to talk.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: Doctor Nakabachi! I slap a hand over my mouth to keep from shouting in astonishment. Kurisu and Doctor Nakabachi know each other!?
Suzuha: Oh, one more thing. Watch out for Doctor Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: Something else occurs to me. Why would Kurisu, an accomplished scientist, attend the presentation of a man like Nakabachi? He's just a two-bit inventor. Only fifteen people came to hear him speak, and that's including trolls like me. There wasn't even any press coverage. Besides, Kurisu hates time travel science. That much was obvious from her lecture at ATF. In that case, it's obvious why she's here. She didn't come to see his presentation. She came to see him. But why? What could be the connection? ...Wait. It can't be...
Kurisu: Are you listening, Papa?
UNSPOKEN: Papa... He's her father... her estranged father, who she told me she hadn't seen in seven years. Kurisu did say that her father was a physicist. And Nakabachi certainly is a physicist, though the scientific community at large has rejected his research. But wait... does this mean that Nakabachi killed his own daughter? Or was it someone else, someone who has yet to appear? There's no way to know. If I could be sure that Nakabachi was the killer, then I would intervene right now. But I'm not. I'd better keep watching, see what happens.
Nakabachi: What is that?
Kurisu: I heard you were giving a presentation on time travel. So I thought about it too. Could it be possible to make a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu wrote a paper on time travel!? But when she spoke at ATF, she rejected the very idea of time travel! Although, come to think of it, she was awfully interested in the PhoneWave... ...Damn, I forgot how much of a tsundere she was.
Kurisu: I'd like your opinion, Papa. We can polish it together, then submit it to the scientific community. I don't know if they'll listen, but just in case, I do have acquaintances at Science Magazine.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi takes out the document and starts reading it with a disgusted frown. So that's what it was. She didn't have anything dangerous in that envelope, like drugs or a gun. It was just some document. But that raises a new question. Could that be the Nakabachi Paper? According to Suzuha, that document sparked a time travel arms race that ultimately led to World War Three and the deaths of 5. 7 billion people.
Suzuha: It started with a race between the EU and Russia. Then America got involved, and things really went to hell.
UNSPOKEN: Is that why Kurisu's safety is so important to changing divergence? I get it now. Nothing is coincidence. Everything is inevitable. Nakabachi flips restlessly through the document. He's not even trying to hide his irritation.
Nakabachi: Did I ask you to write this?
Kurisu: Well... no, but... You invited me to come, remember? It was the first time we'd talked in seven years. That's what got me thinking. And as I worked on the thesis, I started to realize it might actually be possible to build a time machine.  If the thesis is published, you could have your revenge on the scientific community for shunning you--
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: You're... stealing it, Papa?
Nakabachi: ...What did you say?
Kurisu: You're stealing my work? I didn't think even you would do something like-- Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi suddenly whirls and strikes Kurisu across the face. What do I do!? I know I should do something, but what!?
Nakabachi: Who do you think you're talking to!?
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi throws the paper aside and seizes his daughter by the throat. Kurisu gasps for air. Her face twists in pain as his grip tightens.
Kurisu: Ah, guh...
Nakabachi: You can't possibly understand how I feel! Why did you have to be so talented!? I detest you! I hate your very existence! Nobody is allowed to be better than me! Understand!? Nobody! Especially not my own daughter! That's why I sent you away! I couldn't bear the shame of being your father! It's all your fault! It's all your fault!
UNSPOKEN: This is completely absurd! He's blaming her for his own failures! I've seen enough. He's the killer for sure. I burst from my hiding spot.
Rintaro: Stop!
Nakabachi: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: I ram him with my shoulder as hard as I can, knocking him away from Kurisu. Kurisu gasps for breath.
Kurisu: Guh, gah hoh gah hoh gah hoh...
Nakabachi: Who the hell are you!?
Rintaro: I won't let you kill Kurisu!
UNSPOKEN: I'm going to save Kurisu. I'm going to save her and change the future. Even a weakling like me can pin down an old man like Nakabachi. Then I can get Suzuha to call the police and-- The memory of Kurisu's body flashes through my mind. No! It won't turn out like that! Steadying himself with one hand against the wall, Nakabachi gets to his feet and looks straight at me.  The instant our eyes meet, his face twists in rage.
Nakabachi: You! You're the brat who ruined my presentation!
UNSPOKEN: His presentation? Right, of course. I called him out on his lies in the middle of his presentation. Nakabachi is mistaking me for my past self -- understandable, since we look exactly the same.
Nakabachi: How dare you show your face before me!? Why does everyone get in my way!? I know! You and Kurisu planned this, didn't you? Didn't you!?
UNSPOKEN: He's delusional!
Nakabachi: You brats won't get away with this!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi glares at me with bloodshot eyes, then takes something out of his pocket. At first, I can't tell what it is. But then I see it glint in the dim light. A knife. The blade is about 20 centimeters long. I can't help but shiver at its cold shine. Why is he even carrying something like that? Is he completely insane!? Wait. Is that the weapon that killed Kurisu? I won't let that happen! Damn! Why is my brain so fixated on that scene!?
Nakabachi: You'll pay for mocking me!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...Kuh!
UNSPOKEN: I instinctively dodge back. The knife misses me by a hair. He gathers himself for another strike. The sight of his face twisted in madness and rage fills me with terror. I want to scream. He's going to kill me! No, don't be afraid! I can't die here. The past is already decided! But wait. If the past is already decided, then doesn't that mean I can't save Kurisu?  I shake off the thought. Just think about saving her!
Nakabachi: Apologize!
Rintaro: Gh--
UNSPOKEN: Swallowing my fear, I force myself to stop running away. Instead, I lunge forward. I knock Nakabachi's hand aside. The knife falls from his grip and clatters to the floor. I leap on it and pick it up. That was easier than I expected.
Kurisu: Stop it, Papa!
Nakabachi: Don't tell me what to do!
UNSPOKEN: I look up in surprise. Nakabachi has taken a screwdriver from a toolbox left in the passage. Kurisu is walking towards him, pleading with him to stop. She's completely defenseless. No, Kurisu! Stay away from him! You're the one in danger, not me! Just when I thought I'd disarmed him, he finds something else! Even a screwdriver can kill with enough force behind it.
Rintaro: Run, Kurisu!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at me, but she doesn't move. Why won't she run away!?
Kurisu: This is crazy, Papa! Please stop!
Nakabachi: What do you know? What do you know!?
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi has completely lost his mind. Nothing she can say will reach him.
Nakabachi: If only you'd never been born!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi turns to Kurisu, brandishing his screwdriver. But Kurisu still doesn't run away.
Kurisu: Guh...!
UNSPOKEN: Blood spurts from the arm Kurisu used to guard her face. She's going to die. I have to do something! I grip the knife firmly in my hands. Kurisu won't die if I kill Nakabachi first. That image again! Stop getting in my way! I won't be tied to that past! I need to do this. To change the future. To save Kurisu!
Rintaro: NAKABACHI!
UNSPOKEN: As Nakabachi raises his arm for another blow, I thrust my knife at his unprotected back.
Kurisu: NO!
UNSPOKEN: Through the knife, my hand feels resistance. The sensation of tearing through flesh, scraping bone. It's surprisingly tough. But at the same time, I feel the flesh pulsating. It shifts in time with my victim's breath. I-- Stabbed--
Kurisu: Ah... guh...!
UNSPOKEN: I stabbed--
Rintaro: wh...y...
UNSPOKEN: I can't believe my eyes. What happened? I tried to stab Nakabachi. The blade should have pierced his back. And yet-- At the last minute, Kurisu forced herself between us, as if... as if to protect Nakabachi.
Rintaro: Why...
UNSPOKEN: Strength drains from Kurisu's body. She slumps against me, her head on my shoulder.
Nakabachi: Ha... hahahaha! A fitting end for you fools, hahahaha!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: I'm... sorry...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu speaks. Her voice is barely a whisper. I feel something wet on my hands. Wet... and warm. Blood. Kurisu's blood. Gushing from her wound. It's warm, but not hot. And yet, it feels like it's burning my hands. I try to pull the knife out. If I can stop the bleeding, maybe she'll be okay. But my hands won't move. It's like they've turned to stone. My arms. My fingers. No matter how hard I try, they won't move an inch.
Kurisu: Haah... haah...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's breathing quickly grows labored. She's suffering. I didn't mean for this to happen. This isn't what I wanted! Why won't my hands move? I want to pull out the knife. I want to ease her pain. Why won't my body obey me!? It's as if someone else is in control. Kurisu's body convulses against mine. The pain must be unbearable. Is there nothing I can do to help her!? I want to cry.
Rintaro: Why...
UNSPOKEN: The only thing I can do... is ask.
Kurisu: Because... he's still... my father. I just... wanted him... to accept me... I studied... so hard... hoping he would... praise me... But now... I finally... understand... Papa... didn't want... to accept me... I'm such... an idiot... Why... did I save him... I wonder... I'm... sorry... for getting you... involved... Ugh... it hurts... Am I... going to die? I don't want to die... I don't want it... to end... like this...
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is fading fast. Don't die. Please don't die on me! But my prayers are in vain.
Kurisu: Help... me... He...lp...
UNSPOKEN: Her body suddenly grows heavy. I can no longer hear the sound of her breathing. And yet, the blood from her wound is still warm. I killed her. I killed her. The one who killed Kurisu... Was me.
Rintaro: Ah... ah... AHHHHHHHHHHH!
UNSPOKEN: As I scream, another me looks down from above. As he hears the sound of my despair, the last piece of the puzzle clicks into place. The scream I heard that day... was my own.
Suzuha: Uncle Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Someone pulls at my arm.
Suzuha: Come on! Get up!
UNSPOKEN: I feel hands slip under my shoulders and drag me away. The knife in my hands pulls free of Kurisu's chest. A fresh torrent of blood follows it. Still warm.
Rintaro: Open your eyes, Kurisu... Wake up...
Suzuha: Pull yourself together! We need to get out of here before they find us!
Rintaro: I'm sorry... I didn't mean to kill you... I tried to save you... I did... Why is this happening...
UNSPOKEN: Someone puts my arm over their shoulder and hauls me to my feet, then drags me away step by step. I don't have the strength to resist. Guilt and regret are the only things inside of me. I killed Kurisu... twice.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Itaru: Whoa, you're covered in blood! What happened!?
Suzuha: Get him a towel, Dad! And water! And some clothes, too! Hurry!
Itaru: Eh? Eh? An explanation, por favor!
Suzuha: Just go already!
Itaru: O-okay!
UNSPOKEN: Daru runs back inside the building.
Mayuri: Are you okay? Hang in there... don't die...
Suzuha: He's okay. It's not his blood.
UNSPOKEN: Leave me alone. I don't deserve your concern. Save Kurisu? What a joke. Not only did I fail to save her. I took her life with my own two hands. Three weeks ago, in this very spot. I killed her. I murdered her.
Rintaro: There's no way to save her... there never was... Hahaha... Everything has already been decided... It's the same as it was with Mayuri. The same... No matter how hard I struggle... the result will always be the same...
UNSPOKEN: We have a time machine. Shouldn't we give it another try? No. It's not that simple. No matter how many times I try, the result will converge on Kurisu's death. Even if I throw the knife away, fate will find some other way to kill Kurisu. Maybe Nakabachi will kill her. Maybe I'll trip and push her down the stairs. Maybe she'll just drop dead for no reason. The cause doesn't matter. The effect will always be the same. It doesn't matter if I time leap, or if I time travel. Going to the past can't change the result. Maybe a D-Mail could shift divergence enough to take us to another attractor field, but there's no way to control what might happen. D-Mail is a shot in the dark. It's useless. Useless. Everything is useless.
Rintaro: There's nothing I can do... nothing... nothing... I can't save Kurisu after all... ha, haha, hahaha... I knew this would happen... I knew it would turn out like this... I can't take this any more... I'm so tired... enough already... I give up... Haha, ha...
Mayuri: Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: A burning numbness spreads through my cheek. Mayuri hit me.
Rintaro: Wha...
UNSPOKEN: She's never done anything like this before. The shock is enough to bring me to my senses. Mayuri looks at me with tears streaming down her cheeks. Her small body gently embraces mine, though I'm still covered in Kurisu's blood.
Mayuri: Okarin... you're not a quitter. Mayushii knows. You never, ever give up. Not until the very end. Remember? Every day, Mayushii prayed for help in front of Granny's grave. And every day, you came to see me. Even on rainy days and snowy days, you always stood next to Mayushii and called my name. Because you were always there for Mayushii... I was finally able to say goodbye to Granny. Mayushii doesn't really understand what's going on, but don't give up now. Okay? Mayushii doesn't want to see you sad.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's gentle warmth envelops me. I cling to that warmth, but it's not enough to heal my heart.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The person most precious to me, who I wanted so desperately to save.
Rintaro: I... killed her!
Mayuri: Okarin...
UNSPOKEN: I can still feel the knife in my hand. I can still feel her fading heartbeat. I look at my hands over Mayuri's shoulder. They're red with blood. Kurisu's blood. The shaking won't stop. Tears fall, washing away the blood. Guilt and despair are tearing my soul. If Suzuha hadn't taken the knife, I might have slit my own throat in that very spot. This reality is too much to bear. But I realize that this is retribution, my just punishment for taking the godlike power of time travel and using it to distort the past. Kurisu can't be saved. That has been proven beyond a doubt. At the very least, I can't save her. Not even with Mayuri's encouragement.
Rintaro: There's nothing I can do...
Suzuha: You're wrong.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks, her voice full of conviction. And immediately afterwards-- I hear a familiar melody. My mail tone. Mayuri takes my phone out of her pocket. She's been looking after it.
Mayuri: You've got mail, Okarin...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri gently puts my phone into my hand. I don't have the energy to check my mail. But for some reason, Suzuha gestures for me to look at it. I reluctantly open my inbox. What? Turn on the TV? That's all it says. The sender is unfamiliar. Is this a prank? Spam? I'm bewildered. I don't know who sent this. But then I happen to glance at the send time, and the shock is like a lightning bolt to the brain. The date it was sent...
Rintaro: 2025...
UNSPOKEN: No... Is this... It doesn't even occur to me to wonder if my phone has malfunctioned. After all, I know this phenomenon.
Rintaro: A D-Mail!?
UNSPOKEN: I look up at Suzuha. She sees my confusion and looks at my phone.
Suzuha: It actually came through! Just like he said it would!
UNSPOKEN: Judging by her surprise, I guess she doesn't know much. Suzuha leapt from 2036. That's 11 years after this D-Mail was sent. Does that mean it's not related to her?
Mayuri: What does it mean?
Suzuha: There must be something on. Something you need to see!
Itaru: Hey, guys! I brought the stuff!
UNSPOKEN: Daru comes back with a convenience store bag. Right on time. Fortunately, my phone has TV reception. As soon as I switch it on, I see a news reporter standing in some foreign airport. There's a jumbo jet in the background. Looking closer, I see burns near the plane's tail. The caption says Fire on Russian Airlines.
Female Reporter: Russian authorities announced today that a fire broke out on Russian Airlines Flight 801, en route from Narita to Moscow. The flight departed Narita Airport at 11:05 Japan time, but a fire broke out in the cargo hold shortly before arrival. The flight made an emergency landing at Domodedovo International Airport, where the passengers were evacuated. No one was injured. One of the passengers on Flight 801 was a Japanese physicist who had declared his intention to seek asylum in Russia.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Sitting in the palm of his hand is a lump of silvery metal barely five centimeters tall.
Mayuri: AHHH!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri points at the screen. I look closer. That lump of metal in Nakabachi's hand. It's not just any lump of metal.
Mayuri: That's my Metal Upa! Look! See there? It has Mayushii's name on it!
UNSPOKEN: Upa is a mascot character from the popular card game RaiNet Access Battlers. You can see Upa merchandise everywhere in Akihabara, from capsule toys to phone straps and other accessories. But of all Upa merchandise, the most rare is the Metal Upa. The very same Metal Upa that Nakabachi is presenting to the camera. Near the bottom of the Metal Upa, I can see cute letters written in bright red magic marker. The letters read... Mayushii's!
Itaru: Whoa, you're right! What's he doing with it?
Mayuri: I dropped it during the presentation! I looked everywhere, but couldn't find it. So that's where it went! I can't get it back if it's all the way in Russia...
UNSPOKEN: I stare at the screen in disbelief. My body is shaking. Goosebumps break out over every inch of flesh. I know what this is.
Rintaro: The Butterfly Effect!
UNSPOKEN: Three weeks ago, Mayuri dropped her Metal Upa in the assembly hall of Radi-Kan. That tiny figure, a mere child's toy, went on to decide the fate of mankind. It rescued the Nakabachi Paper from the fire. And in so doing, it laid the foundation for World War Three.
Rintaro: Suzuha... did you know about this?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha answers with a look of apology.
Rintaro: Who sent that D-Mail from 2025?
UNSPOKEN: Whoever it was clearly meant for us to see the news about Doctor Nakabachi.
Suzuha: Sorry.
UNSPOKEN: Sorry? About what? What is she apologizing for?
Suzuha: Sorry for not telling you everything. But we needed you to fail once. You had to experience Makise Kurisu's death firsthand.
UNSPOKEN: What?
Rintaro: You... tricked me?
Suzuha: Not exactly. It was part of the plan. At least, that's what I was told.
UNSPOKEN: Told? By whom?
Suzuha: I'm sorry for making you go through that, Uncle.
Rintaro: Tell me what's going on.
Suzuha: See for yourself.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha points to the phone in my hand.
Suzuha: Then you'll understand.
Rintaro: What are you talking about?
Suzuha: The message should already be in your phone. The message you sent from 2025.
Rintaro: ...What?
Suzuha: A video mail. You received one, didn't you?
Rintaro: Ah...!
UNSPOKEN: She's right. When was that again? July 28th. Right after I met Kurisu for the first time. Just as I was about to contact Mayuri, I received a mysterious video mail from an address I had never seen before. Is that what she's talking about?
Rintaro: But there was nothing on it. Just noise.
Suzuha: Try again.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha grins.
Suzuha: If you try now, after failing once to save Makise Kurisu's life... You should be able to see it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: The noise suddenly dissolves, revealing the silhouette of a man. It looks like the video was shot somewhere dark. I can't see the man's face. Unkempt hair. A lab coat. That's all I can make out.
Itaru: Is that you in fifteen years?
Mayuri: It has to be! Something about him just says 'Okarin.'
UNSPOKEN: Really? Is this guy really me? My phone's tiny screen has become a window onto the future. I can't believe I'm about to hear a message from myself.
Okabe: Did you get my email? Then go watch the news. If you already have, then keep listening.
UNSPOKEN: So that last mail was from him. From me. It doesn't feel real.
Okabe: Greetings. It's been fifteen years, I suppose you could say.
Mayuri: Wow, your voice is so deep and cool!
Okabe: The year is 2025. I'm sending this video by a process similar to D-Mail. You dismantled the PhoneWave. So did I. But not one year later, I -- which is to say you -- turned back to time travel as my last hope. I've spent fourteen years researching time travel. Along the way, I managed to design a D-Mail transmitter that wasn't bound by the 36-byte limit. The fact that you're watching this means that you failed to save Kurisu. It hurts, doesn't it? I know how you feel. After all, I went through it myself fifteen years ago. That's right. I failed too. I've lived with that failure for fifteen years. Do you understand why you had to fail? It was necessary. Necessary to give me the proper motivation. You failed to save Kurisu. You killed her with your own two hands. Your guilt, your self-loathing, have driven me for fifteen years. They gave me the focus I needed to complete my plan. Without your failure, you would not be watching this message now. As you know, this worldline is subject to attractor field convergence. Time travel alone cannot save Kurisu. That is why you had to fail. To create the chain of causality that linked you to me. Because you failed, I spent the last fifteen years researching time travel. As the revelations Nakabachi unleashed sped the world towards nuclear war, I continued my research in secret. Suzuha's time machine is the result. Although the finishing touches were Daru's and mine, its design was based on the theory that SERN first developed... ...and that Kurisu improved on the worldline you undid. Its model number is C204. C for Christina. I believe you understand what that signifies. Now that the causal link has been established, allow me to explain the final stage of the plan. The purpose of this plan is to change divergence and reach the unknown worldline called Steins Gate. By the way, I'm the one who named it Steins Gate. You, of all people, know why I chose that name. Because it sounds cool. Isn't that right? There are two conditions you must meet to reach Steins Gate. First, you must save Makise Kurisu. Second, you must destroy the Nakabachi Paper. I know what you're thinking. Convergence won't let you change the past. No matter what you do, Kurisu will die. But rest assured, there is a way. You can save Kurisu. Listen carefully. On July 28th, the first you went to Nakabachi's presentation blissfully unaware of what was about to happen. You must not change what the first you saw. Those events have been established. They are the result upon which this worldline converges. However. There is room for deception. You don't understand, I know. Calm down. I'll explain. You're going to deceive yourself. The first you saw Kurisu lying in a pool of blood. If you were to change that fact, it would render everything that you have done since -- as well as everything that I have done -- a paradox. After finding Kurisu's body, you sent a D-Mail, which was intercepted by Echelon, which tipped off SERN. Recall your experiences on the Alpha worldline. You saw more than just Mayuri's death. You saw Kurisu alive and well. You made her a lab member despite her protests, and together, you built the Time Leap Machine. It was only three weeks, but she was there, beside you. Those memories are yours. Those memories are mine. They are the proof that we did not live only on this worldline, where Kurisu died on July 28th. You traveled to the Alpha worldline. You met Kurisu and fell in love. You sacrificed the dreams of those closest to you. But still, you fought to give Mayuri a future. For three weeks, you fought. And now, those memories are part of you. If you had not seen Kurisu's body in the hallway of Radi-Kan... You would not have sent that first D-Mail. SERN would not have found you. When you encountered Kurisu later, you would not have been shocked to see her alive. You would not have spoken the words that led her to your doorstep. Without those memories... You would not now be willing to travel through time to save her. I would not have spent my life searching for a path to Steins Gate. I would not have recorded this message. Daru and I would not have completed the time machine. Suzuha would not be standing beside you now. You must not reject the three weeks you spent drifting between worldlines. You must not undo the past! Those three weeks made you who you are, a man who would do anything to save the woman he loves. Your desperation made me who I am, a man who has given everything to make that dream come true. This moment would not be possible if not for the memories that you and I share! The man you were trying to create, a man with none of those memories to drive him, could never stand where you stand now. It all meant something. My preparations are complete. The rest is up to you. The final phase of Operation Skuld will now commence. Your mission: change the outcome without changing established events. You saw Makise Kurisu lying in a pool of blood. That has been established. But at the same time, only that has been established. Deceive yourself. Deceive the world. That is the choice which will lead you to Steins Gate. Good luck, mad scientist. El. Psy. Kongroo.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh...
UNSPOKEN: Laughter bubbles up from the depths of my soul. Not minutes ago, I was lost in despair. I was ready to kill myself for what I had done. But now... I'm laughing.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, hehehehe...
UNSPOKEN: Operation Skuld? El Psy Kongroo?
Rintaro: I'm thirty-three years old and I still have no shame? Deceive myself? Deceive the world? That's such chuuni bullshit!
UNSPOKEN: It's pathetic. Laughable. A juvenile fantasy. But at the same time... it feels right.
Rintaro: Very well! If this is the choice of Steins Gate, then so be it! I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma! Deceiving the world is child's play! It looks like I have to change the world after all! MUHAHAHAHA!
Itaru: Whoa! I thought Okarin was finally turning serious, but now he's back to his usual antics.
Mayuri: But you know, Mayushii likes Okarin better this way♪
Itaru: Yeah, I know what you mean. Okarin just isn't Okarin unless he's laughing like an idiot.
Mayuri: Hououin Kyouma saved Mayushii, you know. So this time, he'll definitely save Makise Kurisu!
Itaru: But 'deceive the world'? What's that supposed to mean?
Mayuri: Ummm... Mayushii doesn't have a clue...
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... Isn't it obvious? The only established fact about the past is that I saw Kurisu lying in a pool of blood. That's the extent of my observation. Kurisu was lying in a pool of blood. As for whether she was alive or dead... That's still open to interpretation.
UNSPOKEN: Isn't that right, future me?
Mayuri: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri tilts her head. She still doesn't get it.
Rintaro: For example, just think of it like this. Kurisu was merely unconscious, and the blood was just a coat of red paint.
Mayuri: Oh! Is that what happened?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri's eyes open wide in wonder. I give up. She's not going to understand.
Itaru: Wait a second. The news reports all said that she was--
Suzuha: What's true now doesn't matter. Only what Uncle Okarin saw on July 28th matters.
Itaru: R-really?
UNSPOKEN: Really. And that's because I'm not the Okabe Rintaro who lived on the Beta worldline after Kurisu died. I traveled to the Alpha worldline and back. I am not bound by whatever effect Kurisu's death may have had during that time.
Rintaro: What I'm going to do is recreate what I saw, and only what I saw. But this time, I'll do it so Kurisu doesn't have to die.
Suzuha: Don't forget you also need to destroy the Nakabachi Paper. Can you handle it?
Rintaro: Who do you think you're talking to, Part-Time Warrior?
Suzuha: ...Part-time warrior?
Rintaro: Have you forgotten? I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: I disregard the blank stares of my comrades and brush back my hair with a flourish.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha tightens her expression and nods firmly. I squat against the roof's chain fence with my eyes closed. To refresh my memory, I pull out the drawers of my mental archive and sort through each file one by one. My actions that day. Mayuri's actions. My conversation with Kurisu. Nakabachi's presentation. With those memories to guide me, I begin to draw up a plan for how to complete my mission.
Mayuri: Okarin! I got the stuff!
UNSPOKEN: I open my eyes once I hear Mayuri's voice.
Rintaro: Then it's time.
UNSPOKEN: I take a deep breath and stand up. Mayuri's faster on her feet than Daru and I are, so I had her pick up some things for me. She went all the way to the lab and back in the sweltering heat, but she's not even breathing hard. She runs up to me with a triumphant smile. Almost like a playful puppy, shaking her tail.
Mayuri: Here you go. Will this work?
UNSPOKEN: In her hand is a plastic stick, about 30 cm long. I take it and nod in satisfaction.
Rintaro: Good work, Mayuri.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Mayushii's happy to be useful to Okarin♪ Oh! I also brought you this.
UNSPOKEN: She hands me a banana. I guess she's telling me not to time travel on an empty stomach.
Suzuha: What's that?
Mayuri: A banana!
Suzuha: No, I mean that stick.
Rintaro: It's not a stick. It's a sword. One of our lab's many inventions -- Future Gadget No. 6: The Cyalume Saber!
Suzuha: Cyalume Saber?
Itaru: It's a red cyalume glow stick. An essential item for idol and voice actress concerts.
Rintaro: But it's not just a glow stick. It's saber shaped, just as its name implies, so you can reenact scenes from Spark Wars.
Suzuha: Um... wow?
Rintaro: Furthermore, it can also form fake blood clots. Detach the cap at the tip, and thick 'blood' starts flowing out.
Suzuha: I, uh, really don't get what you were trying to accomplish when you made this...
Itaru: We wanted to make our sword fights more realistic.
Rintaro: What he means to say is that everything is inevitable.
Suzuha: I think I see the plan. You're gonna use that cyalume stuff as a stand-in for Makise Kurisu's blood, aren't you?
Rintaro: Precisely.
UNSPOKEN: I stuff my cheeks with banana, enraptured by my own genius. I truly am a mad scientist! Muhahaha! I put the Cyalume Saber into my pocket. It's about 30 cm long, so it sticks out a little, but I don't mind. I had Daru buy me a stun gun earlier. I pocket that too. With this, my preparations are complete. I give Suzuha a glance.
Suzuha: Let's go, Uncle Okarin. One more time. One more trip to July 28th. There and back. That's all the fuel we have left. This is our last chance. ...You ready?
Rintaro: Leave it to me. I... will change the world.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Mayuri: Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri leans through the hatch and gently strokes my cheek.
Mayuri: Come back, okay?
Rintaro: Of course.
UNSPOKEN: I return the smile and give her a thumbs up. I close the hatch as Daru and Mayuri see me off with words of encouragement. Suzuha's already operating the time machine.
Suzuha: The fate of the future hangs on this mission.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks as she presses some buttons.
Suzuha: We're counting on you, Uncle.
UNSPOKEN: Instead of answering, I close my eyes. I find myself strangely calm. No impatience. No tension. None of the anxiety I felt the first time. How many times have I tasted failure? My hubris hurt those closest to me. My foolishness cost them their dreams. And even though those mistakes have been undone, the memories still remain as a brand on my heart.
Okabe: You must not reject the three weeks you spent drifting between worldlines. You must not undo the past!
UNSPOKEN: It all meant something. Every mistake. Every sacrifice. Without them, I would not be standing here now. From that knowledge, I draw strength, confidence, and pride. The memories I shoulder deserve nothing less. And so, I am no longer afraid. I will reach the unknown worldline, Steins Gate. Its future is uncertain. But that is how it should be. For once, I need not worry what fate has in store. Only one thing matters now. Saving Kurisu. Gravity pulls at my back. Rainbow lights start drifting through the compartment. It's time. This is my Ragnarok. I exit the time machine onto the familiar rooftop. As before, it's empty. I can see the top of the train station a short distance away. This is the third time I've been here now. I run through the plan in my head one last time. Time is short, but I have no choice. I have to do it. No. I will do it. Failure isn't an option. I wait for Suzuha to break the lock, then I run inside just like last time. Narrowly avoiding the first me again, I descend to the seventh floor. Last time, I went all the way down to the fourth floor. But not this time. I direct my attention to the capsule toy machines near the landing. It's time for step one. RaiNet Kakeru Character Doll Series This is it. On July 28th, the first me won a super rare Metal Upa from this very machine. No time to waste. I insert the 100 yen coin I prepared beforehand and turn the lever hard. A capsule falls into the slot. Just as I grab it...
Mayuri: Look! RaiNet!
UNSPOKEN: My heart leaps into my throat. That was Mayuri's voice. She's already here!? I quickly turn and leave the area before Mayuri can see my face. Luckily, she's so entranced by the capsule toy machines that she doesn't realize who I am. Once I get down to the fourth floor, I check the contents of the capsule. The metal Upa is inside. This is the prize that was meant for me. Which means the first me will get-- The answer is obvious. Phase one is complete. Time for phase two. I turn around abruptly.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is standing behind me, her mouth open in surprise. My timing was perfect.
Kurisu: H-hey, you just came down from the--
Rintaro: I...
Kurisu: Eh?
Rintaro: ...I'm going to save you.
UNSPOKEN: Leave everything to me.
Kurisu: What?
UNSPOKEN: I say no more. If I tell her everything, she'll have no reason to talk to the first me. On July 28th, she came to me during Nakabachi's presentation. She claimed that I had tried to tell her something, then proceeded to drag me out into the hallway for further questioning. That is part of my experience. This should be enough to ensure that it happens exactly as I remember. I pat Kurisu on the shoulder, then race back up the stairs.
Kurisu: W-wait!
UNSPOKEN: I run to the sixth floor, then creep up towards the seventh floor landing until I can just make out the capsule toy machines. As expected, there's the first me about to turn the lever in Mayuri's stead.
Mayuri: Ah, it's an Upa!
Rintaro: Is it rare?
Mayuri: It's not rare, but isn't it just so cute? Mayushii loves Upa!
UNSPOKEN: I grin to myself. It worked. The order changed. Mayuri now has a regular Upa, not the metal one I gave her the first time. And that means...
Presenter: Thank you all for coming to Doctor Nakabachi's Time Machine Press Conference.
UNSPOKEN: The presentation is about to begin. The first me heads up to the eighth floor. But Mayuri doesn't move. She takes out a pen and starts signing the Upa. Just as planned. When Doctor Nakabachi defected to Russia on August 21st, he had Mayuri's Metal Upa with him. If he has a plastic one instead, it should change the fate of the Nakabachi Paper. But one question remains. How exactly did Mayuri's Upa fall into Doctor Nakabachi's hands? I watch as Mayuri finishes signing her name. She nods in satisfaction, then runs after the first me. Just before she gets to the stairs, she puts the Upa into her coat pocket. But it doesn't go in all the way. As she runs up the stairs, I see it fall out and roll away. Mayuri is completely oblivious. A moment later, she disappears from sight. I look at the Upa lying on the floor. Does Nakabachi pick it up? How? He's in the middle of his presentation upstairs. He doesn't have any opportunity. That's when Kurisu comes up from downstairs. I quickly hide in the stairwell across the landing. Kurisu reaches the seventh floor without noticing me. She finds the fallen Upa and picks it up. So it was Kurisu who found the Upa... The Butterfly Effect. In three weeks, this completely innocuous event changes the outcome of an accidental fire on one of what must be thousands of planes flying that day. By extension, it changes the fate of the entire human race. Kurisu looks curiously at the Upa, then looks around as if searching for the owner. Of course, Kurisu doesn't know who Mayuri is. At this point in time, those two aren't even acquainted yet. After realizing there's no one around, Kurisu puts the Upa into her envelope and goes up to the eighth floor. Now that I've seen what I need to see, I go upstairs too and head to the employee hallway. ...Here's where it gets serious. I grip the Cyalume Saber and shake it silently, thus activating the red fluorescent reaction inside. It'll last about 10 minutes. It should get dim before Kurisu makes her appearance. I know what I need to do. The problem is that my window of opportunity is so slim. Will I be able to handle the enraged Doctor Nakabachi? One mistake, and Kurisu will die.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: Hououin Kyouma will save Kurisu. I close my eyes and wait for the time to come, hidden behind the same pile of cardboard boxes as last time. I hear the sound of sparse applause from the event hall. Which means I should be hearing footsteps soon... There they are. Kurisu has come, right on time. She leans against the wall and looks inside her envelope, smiling softly as she does. And now, I know the reason behind that smile. It's the Upa inside. She's probably smiling at how adorable it is. That smile really doesn't suit you, Kurisu. I stifle a chuckle. I'm surprised I'm calm enough to feel that way, despite the current situation. Once Nakabachi appears, that's my signal to spring into action. I'll bring out the Cyalume Saber as soon as that bastard tries to take out his knife. Then I'll scare him away and stun Kurisu. The stun gun I brought should handle both tasks flawlessly. That's the plan, at least. The next set of footsteps echoes down the hallway. Kurisu looks up. I can't see Nakabachi, but I know it's him.
Kurisu: ...I wanted to talk. Are you listening, Papa?
UNSPOKEN: Even the words she speaks are the same.
Nakabachi: What is that?
Kurisu: I heard you were giving a presentation on time travel. So I thought about it too. Could it be possible to make a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: The atmosphere is far from pleasant. Nakabachi doesn't even try to hide his displeasure. And the first me is probably at fault for that. At least partially. Looks like it's about time for Nakabachi to go ballistic. I grip the Cyalume Saber and make one final check. It's already dimmed down. Now all I have to do is remove the cap at the tip, and the fake blood will--
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: My breath catches in my throat. In the darkness of my hiding spot, I bring the Cyalume Saber close to my eyes and peer inside. The fake blood has begun to coagulate. No. This shouldn't happen. I was certain the liquid would remain fluid for around 30 minutes after losing luminescence. Was it defective!? Come to think of it, we never tested the Cyalume Saber. It can only be used once before the tube needs to be replaced. Given the lab's financial situation, we thought it would be a waste to use it, so we never did. How could I have failed to consider this possibility!? If I'd had half a brain, I would have brought a spare! This is bad. The plan is falling apart.
Nakabachi: I wasn't shunned!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi's shrill shriek startles me.
Nakabachi: Those incompetent bastards were just jealous of my superiority. I was the one who gave up on them!
Kurisu: Please don't yell...
UNSPOKEN: Time won't stop for me. How do I recover from this setback? I can't leave. Nakabachi's about to attack his daughter. If I make my appearance after that, it'll be the same as last time. I'll end up killing Kurisu again. No matter what, I can't let that happen! What do I do!? Do I go back to the time machine and try again? No. Remember what Suzuha said? There's not enough fuel for another trip. This is my last chance!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: You're... stealing it?
Nakabachi: ...What did you say?
Kurisu: You're stealing my work? I didn't think even you would do something like-- Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi strikes Kurisu on the cheek.
Nakabachi: Who do you think you're talking to!?
UNSPOKEN: It's starting! Nakabachi puts his hands around Kurisu's neck. Her cries of agony fill my ears. There's still a way to prevent Kurisu's death. That puddle of blood I saw beneath Kurisu's body. There's one more way to reproduce it. One more way. One last chance. It's a gamble, to be sure. Even if it succeeds, I don't know what effect it might have on the Steins Gate worldline.
Kurisu: Ah, uuh...
Nakabachi: You can't possibly understand how I feel! Why did you have to be so talented!? I detest you! I hate your very existence! Nobody is allowed to be better than me! Understand!? Nobody! Especially not my own daughter! That's why I abandoned you! I couldn't bear the shame of being your father! It's all your fault... it's all your fault!
UNSPOKEN: It matters not. I am Hououin Kyouma, the mad scientist who defies God. My true desire is chaos. I have no need for a predetermined future!
Rintaro: Stop!
UNSPOKEN: Calmly, I step out from my hiding spot. Nakabachi looks at me in disbelief. His eyes are wide and bloodshot.
Nakabachi: You! You're the brat who ruined my presentation!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi lets go of Kurisu.
Kurisu: Guh, gah hoh gah hoh gah hoh...
Nakabachi: How dare you show your face before me!? Why does everyone get in my way!? I know! You and Kurisu planned this, didn't you? Didn't you!? You brats won't get away with this!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi pulls the knife from his pocket. Its blade reflects cold light. Once I see that glint, I laugh disdainfully.
Rintaro: Try it, if you dare.
Nakabachi: You... who are you!?
Rintaro: My name... Is Hououin Kyouma!
Nakabachi: What!?
Rintaro: 'Houou' for 'phoenix', then 'in', and finally the 'terrible truth' that must never be revealed! Hououin Kyouma! I am the Bringer of Chaos. The Destroyer of Order. And I am the one who will end your ambition!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu staggers to her feet with her hand to her neck.
Kurisu: Run away!
Rintaro: Never!
UNSPOKEN: I dismiss Kurisu's plea, and instead turn to Nakabachi with my arms spread wide.
Rintaro: What's wrong, Doctor Nakabachi? Aren't you going to kill me? Or have you lost your nerve? Of course, a mere mortal can never slay a god such as I! Muhahaha!
Nakabachi: You little...!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi goes into a frenzy. He charges me with his knife point-first.
Kurisu: No! Papa, stop!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi has completely lost his mind. I can see it in his eyes. He won't stop. And if he won't stop... Then I'll stop him. With my own body.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I whip out the stun gun and switch it on. The electric arc crackles to life inches away from Nakabachi's face. He instantly turns pale.
Rintaro: Now you've done it...
UNSPOKEN: I spear him with my glare and take a step forward. A wave of nausea surges over me.
Rintaro: Gach...
UNSPOKEN: Blood spews from my throat. But I don't look away. I keep my eyes fixed on Nakabachi.
Rintaro: You'll regret this, old man! I'm going... to kill you...
Nakabachi: Heeee...!
Rintaro: You and the girl... I'll kill you both!
Kurisu: Don't move!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu runs up to me. She holds me and supports my body.
Kurisu: Lie down! I'll call an ambulance!
UNSPOKEN: What is she doing trying to help me? Didn't she hear me threaten to kill her? You're too soft-hearted for a tsundere. Back when I was trying to save Mayuri, you were always the one who saved me. So this time--
Rintaro: I'm going to save you.
Kurisu: What-- ----
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu convulses. Strength leaves the legs she used to support me. She collapses. I'm sorry. I send her my silent apology.
Rintaro: I'll be sure... to have my way with your daughter... before I kill her... But first... is you, Nakabachi! Muhahahaha...
Nakabachi: Heeeeee!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi tosses his knife away with a pitiful cry. He takes a step back. Two steps back.
Nakabachi: Hyeehhhhhh!
UNSPOKEN: Firing the stungun once more does the trick. Nakabachi turns and flees down the hallway toward the elevators. But first, he makes sure to pick up the envelope Kurisu dropped. How shrewd of him.
Rintaro: Haah... haah... haah...
UNSPOKEN: I touch my wound.
Rintaro: Ugg...
UNSPOKEN: The lightest touch sends pain coursing through my body. I fall to my knees. I feel faint. The bleeding won't stop. The blood is starting to pool on the floor. I press my hands into the blood.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I reach for my stomach, wet and glistening with blood. I take a breath, then drive my fingers into the wound.
Rintaro: Gah!
UNSPOKEN: The pain is like nothing I've ever experienced. Unable to bear it, I throw back my head.
Rintaro: AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!
UNSPOKEN: I scream until my throat is raw. I can't stop now! Fighting against the urge to faint, I feed strength into my hands and pull the wound wider.
Rintaro: Gach, haah, haah, gghh, khah...
UNSPOKEN: My blood paints the floor crimson.
Suzuha: Uncle Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha runs up to me.
Suzuha: Th-that wound! What happened!? What were you thinking!? If you die... if we fail...!
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh...
Suzuha: Uncle...?
Rintaro: You forget who you're dealing with, Suzuha. Look at the floor... notice anything?
Suzuha: The floor?
Rintaro: Heh heh... that should be enough blood... don't you think?
UNSPOKEN: She looks down and beholds my masterpiece.
Suzuha: A pool of blood!
UNSPOKEN: To deceive myself. To deceive the world. The stage is set!
Suzuha: But Uncle, you'll die!
Rintaro: Heh, there's no way I'm going to die... Who do you think I am? I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma...
Suzuha: Uncle...
UNSPOKEN: If convergence holds, then it's already determined that I don't die. Not here. I die in 2025. That's a fixed event on the Beta worldline. That was my bet. I intentionally provoked Nakabachi to rage. I took the knife meant for Kurisu and survived. The wound gave me what I needed to carry out the plan. Though I have to admit, I didn't think it would hurt this much. There's no telling what will happen when we reach Steins Gate. The future of that worldline is still undecided. There's no reason it can't include my death. How ironic. I made a bet based on the guarantee that I wouldn't die, but winning that bet makes death a very real possibility. I twist my lips into a smile. Time to put the finishing touch on my masterpiece.
Rintaro: Suzuha... get Kurisu...
Suzuha: Ah, okay!
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha picks up the unconscious Kurisu. Then she lays her face down on top of my blood puddle. Kurisu doesn't wake up. She's perfectly still. But she's definitely breathing. I stroke her hair gently.
Rintaro: Did it hurt? I'm sorry... but I had to do it... to save you. Even though those three weeks... will never come back... I want you to live.
UNSPOKEN: Even if we reach Steins Gate. Even if Kurisu lives. Even if I don't die. We'll never meet again. Kurisu will never join the lab. We will never build the Time Leap Machine together. But still, I'm glad I was able to save her.
Rintaro: ...Goodbye.
UNSPOKEN: Please stay unconscious for a while. I need you to deceive the first me. While Suzuha goes to pick up the knife, I use the wall to climb to my feet.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Suzuha: This is crazy, Uncle. You're insane!
Rintaro: Insane? Nonsense. This is all... according to plan... heh heh... heh...
Suzuha: Don't talk. I'll take you back to August 21st. Try to endure the Gs, okay? Damn! I should've brought a first aid kit.
UNSPOKEN: I feel pressure crush my body. My wound throbs. I feel like groaning, but I bite my lip and bear it. Rainbow lights fill my vision. The time machine is activating. Suzuha wraps my wound with a towel.
Suzuha: Hey, Uncle. I'm sure Steins Gate is waiting for us on the other side. A world where nothing is known, where anything is possible. A world where you live, where Makise Kurisu lives, where Shiina Mayuri lives. A world where I have no reason to travel to 2010. The future may still lead to World War Three... It may lead to a dystopia ruled by SERN...
UNSPOKEN: Someone's warm hand grasps mine. Tightly. Tightly.
Suzuha: But now, there is hope for the future again.
UNSPOKEN: I slowly close my eyes. It's hard to breathe. But my pain feels distant now.
Suzuha: Once we arrive, I'll probably disappear. I won't be able to thank you for bringing me to Steins Gate. So I'll say it now.
UNSPOKEN: The warmth of her hand slowly fades away.
Suzuha: Thank you, Uncle. Don't die. Live. And in seven years... let's meet again, okay?
UNSPOKEN: It's been a month since then. My wound was deep enough to require surgery. If I'd been just one hour late getting to the hospital, I would have died from blood loss. The doctor laughed as he told me this. Hilarious. After being cooped up in the hospital for so long, it's exciting to be walking around Akiba again. I look around to see if Akiba's any different from what I remember, but nothing catches my eye. I just get the feeling that there are more moe shops than before. The mysteries of divergence. I chuckle to myself, then dig into my pocket. Something jingles. There are metal pins inside. Eight of them. The Future Gadget Laboratory's member badges, their design based on the pin Suzuha brought from the future. Which worldline's Suzuha was that again? Anyway, back then, we searched all over Akiba for that pin. And while I was hospitalized, I thought it was the perfect opportunity to ask Daru to have them made. And of course, the one we commissioned to make them was that shady foreign street vendor. The final product is slightly different from Suzuha's, but it's pretty well-done. I pass through the archway of Yanabayashi Shrine and head to the courtyard. There, brandishing a sword with sublime dignity, stands a miko. The miko is so lovely that anyone would doubtless stop to stare. But that's not a miko, and that's not a real sword. That sword is a 980 yen imitation, and that beautiful miko... is a guy. Lukako lifts his head at the sound of my footsteps.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: As soon as our eyes meet, he runs up to me in a fluster. His eyes are already wet with tears.
Luka: You were discharged today?
Rintaro: Yeah.
Luka: But... I'm sorry! I didn't know anything about it.
Rintaro: Of course you didn't. I didn't tell you.
Luka: But I'm glad you're okay. I'm... I'm so happy...
UNSPOKEN: And then he starts crying in earnest. Seeing his tears, I feel an urge to pat his head and tell him everything will be alright, but I resist and sigh instead.
Rintaro: I hear you were a natural at your cosplay debut. I hear you even have a fan club.
Luka: Augh...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri filled me in on the situation. After years of persistent nagging, she finally convinced Lukako to cosplay near the end of summer break. It wasn't in time for ComiMa, but he wore one of Mayuri's costumes to a cosplay event in early September. His cosplay debut was... effective. Dozens of photographers took his picture, and the images soon went viral on the net. Try to look up pictures of Lukako now, and you'll get a ton of hits. He's being swarmed by fans. And since he's what they call a trap, he's popular with girls, too. There are some things in this world I just don't understand.
Luka: To be honest, it's so confusing...
Rintaro: You know, I still haven't had the pleasure to see you cosplay in the flesh.
Luka: I... I just can't. If Okabe-san were to see me... I'd get so embarrassed, I'd die.
Rintaro: But you had fun, didn't you? That's what Mayuri said.
Luka: ...Yes.
Rintaro: You've grown up, Lukako.
UNSPOKEN: He's overcome his feelings of inadequacy and accepted himself for who he is. And he even had fun doing it.
Luka: Okabe-sa... I mean, Kyouma-san, it's all thanks to the Seishin Zanma style you taught me. I've cleared my mind of all mundane thoughts.
UNSPOKEN: He truly is a worthy disciple.
Rintaro: But you must not grow complacent. Your next objective is to ascend to the true form of the Seishin Zanma style. Once you've mastered it, the flames of evil sealed within you will have nothing left to burn. That moment will mark the beginning of the legend of Urushibara Luka, Guardian Miko of the Personapolis of Akihabara!
Luka: Umm, what exactly will this legend be about?
Rintaro: I shall tell you at the proper time.
UNSPOKEN: I reach into my pocket, and take out a pin.
Rintaro: Lab Mem Number 006, Urushibara Luka. I grant this unto you.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nervously accepts the pin with a confused expression.
Luka: Um... when did I become a lab mem?
Rintaro: It's a memory from beyond the veil of time. Your past life, I suppose you could say.
Luka: M-my past life?
Rintaro: You've been a lab mem from the moment you were born. Be proud.
UNSPOKEN: It's not an exaggeration. It's the truth. Lukako most likely doesn't remember. But it's okay, even if I'm the only one who does.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Luka: No, it's just... I'm really happy... sniff.
UNSPOKEN: He starts crying again.
Luka: I always wanted... to be a part of your lab... I wanted to be one of you... But... I never had the courage to ask... Thank you so much.
UNSPOKEN: He bows his head.
Rintaro: This is a precious artifact. Only eight of them exist in the entire world. It's a magic item that protects you from all calamity.
Luka: R-really?
UNSPOKEN: No.
Rintaro: So don't lose it.
Luka: I won't!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nods, with a joyful smile on his face. ...Too cute.
Faris: Welcome back, myaster♪
UNSPOKEN: I pass through MayQueen's door for the first time in forever. Faris runs over to greet me.
Faris: Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly links arms with me. At first, I get a little flustered when something soft touches my elbow. But then I break into cold sweat once I feel the murderous glares of the surrounding Faris fans.
Faris: They let you outta the hospital, nya?
Rintaro: Y-yeah. I managed to claw my way out of hell.
UNSPOKEN: I tear Faris off of me and take a deep breath.
Faris: Purrcisely what I expected from the Hououin bloodline... The name of the undying phoenix isn't just for show, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I see she's still making up her own backstories for people. It boggles the mind that this crazy catgirl is behind the redevelopment of Akihabara. Maybe the world's just messed up.
Faris: Mayushii has the day off, nya.
Rintaro: I know.
UNSPOKEN: She shows me to my table, where I order iced coffee.
Faris: Oh, right. We decided to open a second MayQueen location, nya. And it's right on Chuo-dori, nyan. Isn't that awesome, nya?
Rintaro: Don't you think you're abusing your authority as redevelopment committee chair? Just a little?
UNSPOKEN: No doubt the recent explosion of moe shops is her doing. I think she's getting just a little carried away.
Faris: This is my sacred duty, nya. Now is the time to summon all the powers of moe to this holy land in preparation for their offensive, nya.
Rintaro: What? They're going to attack? Did the Awakening occur while I was in the hospital?
Faris: That's right, nya. They took your absence as their opportunity, nya. Will we be able to complete the moefication of Akiba before they hatch? That's the only way to defeat them! It's a race against time, nya. Faris also fought in the RaiNet AB tournament to gather Karma, but it was really tough by myself, nya.
UNSPOKEN: What the hell does she mean by Karma? Over the past month, Faris has started participating in RaiNet AccessBattlers tournaments. Faris is the chairman of the Akihabara redevelopment project, a high school student, a popular waitress at a maid cafe, the president of the company founded by her father, and the head of the Akiha family. She should be incredibly busy, but I guess she couldn't stay away from RaiNet forever. Anyway, she went to her very first official tournament and snatched a dramatic victory. Faris is even more cheerful than usual now. I guess all it takes to feel fulfilled is to do the things you like to do.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: I guess I have no choice. If it's come to this, then I too must fulfill the Covenant. Oh yeah, and take this with you.
Faris: Nya?
UNSPOKEN: I take a pin out of my pocket and present it to Faris.
Faris: This is...! Where did you get this, Kyouma!?
Rintaro: During my stay at the hospital.
Faris: So you've overcome the Test of the Heart, nya. You truly are a great man, nya.
UNSPOKEN: I don't really get what's going on, so let's just nod for now.
Rintaro: This belongs to you, Lab Mem Number 007. Whenever you need my help, just hold that pin and speak the incantation 'La Yohda Stasella'.
UNSPOKEN: Faris and I smile at each other. And then we high five.
Faris: Thanks, nya! The Future Gadget Laboratory is the hope of Akiba, nya. Can I come over for a visit, nya?
Rintaro: Of course you can. Daru will be glad to see you.
UNSPOKEN: When I get back to the lab, I'm startled to find an unexpected visitor.
Tennouji: Yo, Okabe. Outta the hospital already?
Rintaro: Uh, yeah...
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji Yuugo and Nae are standing out front. Kiryu Moeka is with them. The Rounders, who killed Mayuri on another worldline. Nae hides behind her father when she sees me, like usual.
Tennouji: Oh yeah, lemme introduce ya.
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji indicates Moeka with his chin.
Tennouji: Starting today, this girl's gonna work part-time at my place.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka bows her head. She's silent as always, but at least she's not holding her phone. I guess that's some improvement.
Tennouji: Doesn't talk much, but don't let it bother you.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: But I can't help you look for the IBN 5100 anymore, okay?
Tennouji: Don't be like that. Help her out, will ya?
Rintaro: I can't. I'm a busy man.
UNSPOKEN: Catch the attention of the Rounders again? No thanks. Besides, the three of them are better off if we never find an IBN 5100. I end the conversation with a shrug and head to the stairs.
Moeka: Okabe-kun.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka calls my name. I turn back to see Moeka smiling, ever so faintly.
Moeka: Thank you... for this.
Rintaro: ...Yeah.
UNSPOKEN: The hatred I once felt towards them is gone. I forgave Moeka and Tennouji both. Now that I've destroyed our time machine, we can go back to being good neighbors. I won't pry into their secret lives, and I won't attempt to fight them either. It's all up to them. However... The affection that Nae showed towards Moeka brings an undeniable warmth to my heart. Right as I walk into the lab, I'm greeted by the chiming of a microwave oven.
Mayuri: Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles brightly as she takes her Juicy Chicken Number One out of the microwave.
Mayuri: Tutturu♪ Welcome backarin!
Rintaro: Did you just combine 'welcome back' and 'Okarin'?
Mayuri: Yup. I've said it before, remember?
UNSPOKEN: Then Mayuri holds out the steaming chicken.
Mayuri: Want some too? I'll give you one to celebrate your homecoming♪
UNSPOKEN: I accept the gift of chicken and pop it into my mouth. I guess it's because I've had nothing but crappy hospital food for a month, but it's so delicious I want to cry.
Rintaro: Where did you get that microwave?
UNSPOKEN: We disassembled the PhoneWave (name subject to change) weeks ago.
Itaru: Oh, that was me.
UNSPOKEN: Daru pops out of the development room in all his rotund glory. I wonder if he's making a new Future Gadget.
Rintaro: You bought it?
Itaru: I found it, duh. It was a pain to repair.
Mayuri: It's kinda old, but it still works fine.
Rintaro: That's our super hacka. Now let's keep up that pace and make the next Future Gadget.
Mayuri: That reminds me, Okarin. I'm mad at you!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri suddenly puts on a pout.
Mayuri: Why did you leave the hospital without telling Mayushii? We went all the way to the hospital to pick you up, but the nurse said you'd already left!
Itaru: That was one hot nurse. I wish I was hospitalized instead of Okarin.
Rintaro: You think you're my guardian now, Mayuri? Hmph, you've certainly come up in the world. Have you forgotten? I'm the one who protects you.
Mayuri: I even helped you with your diaper.
Rintaro: Guh...
UNSPOKEN: I couldn't move at all after the operation. So my mother and Mayuri made the great effort of coming to care for me. Especially Mayuri. Even though it was her summer break, she visited me every day. I'm grateful for this childhood friend of mine, from the bottom of my heart. She's a ditz, to be sure, and seems like she always needs someone to look out for her, but she's actually quite tough for her age.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: I think Daru needs to die for a bit. I bop Mayuri on the head.
Rintaro: I'll buy you some Juicy Chicken Number One later.
Mayuri: Really? Thanks, Okarin! It was worth it to help you after all! Ehehe♪
UNSPOKEN: I breathe another sigh of relief when I see Mayuri's innocent smile. Mayuri is still alive. I've seen her die countless times. Though the events of those worldlines have been undone, my struggle to escape them was not in vain. If the same thing were to happen again, what would I do? Would I accept her death this time? Or would I try again to save her, even if it meant building another time machine? There's no way to know. The future is undecided. But for now, Mayuri is here. And that means everything to me.
Rintaro: Here, take these.
UNSPOKEN: I give Mayuri and Daru their pins.
Mayuri: It's so cute!
Itaru: Nice, they're finally done!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pins the badge to her chest and shows it off with a pirouette.
Mayuri: Gotta be sure to put this on every day. Or else I won't be let into the lab!
UNSPOKEN: Nobody really made that rule, but whatever.
Mayuri: But you know, there's something I've been meaning to ask you about the pin.
Rintaro: What's that?
Mayuri: There's an inscription, right? It says 'OSHMKUFA 2010'. Okabe, Shiina, Hashida. And then Urushibara and Faris. I got those. But what about M, K, and A? Who are they?
UNSPOKEN: M for Makise. K for Kiryu. A for Amane. But the current Mayuri wouldn't understand. Those three were lab mems on a worldline undone and forgotten. I haven't told Mayuri or Daru about them. They wouldn't believe me even if I told them. Especially about the last initial, A. I mean, how do I tell Daru he's going to have a daughter? I can just imagine his reaction.
Itaru: Who's my lucky bride-to-be? I hope she's got a cute face, and delicious flat chest, and blonde hair, and twintails, and a golden ratio tsundere personality. And when she's in dere-mode, she's super cuddly and sexy!
UNSPOKEN: He'd say something gross like that. No doubt. I remember. As I lay dying in the time machine, Suzuha gripped my hand and said...
Suzuha: Once we arrive, I'll probably disappear. I won't be able to thank you for bringing me to Steins Gate. So I'll thank you now. Thank you, Uncle. Don't die. Live.
UNSPOKEN: Just as she predicted, Suzuha vanished the moment we returned to August 21st. Right before my very eyes, the time machine was enveloped in rainbow light and disappeared. She was smiling as she faded away. That was proof I had reached Steins Gate. And that's why I don't mourn Suzuha.
Suzuha: And in seven years... let's meet again, okay?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
UNSPOKEN: The subtitles read What was your thesis about?
Nakabachi: Time travel! The invention that can grant control over all space-time, from past to present to future!
UNSPOKEN: The screen immediately returned to the studio, where a female reporter continued.
Female Reporter: This outburst continued for some time. Doctor Nakabachi, also known as Makise Shouichi, was detained by Russian authorities upon arrival at Domodedovo International Airport in Moscow. Makise is currently under investigation by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department as a suspect in the July 28th stabbing of a young man--
UNSPOKEN: I don't think anyone's going to listen to Nakabachi now. For argument's sake, let's say Nakabachi manages to recreate Kurisu's thesis from memory. Nothing will come of it as long as Kurisu is alive. The scientific community undoubtedly trusts the Makise daughter over the father, meaning Kurisu can deter any attempts made by Nakabachi. World War Three won't break out. Or at the very least, it won't be over the Nakabachi Paper. I haven't seen Kurisu. Apparently, Kurisu reported to the police that I was stabbed. But at present, there has been no progress on the investigation, as the victim -- from their point of view -- up and disappeared. I heard from Daru that no one was murdered at Radi-Kan, and I couldn't find a single report of anyone dying in the area that day. Kurisu is still alive. That much is certain. But I haven't had any contact with her since then. Aside from the few words we exchanged at Radi-Kan, the current Kurisu and I are strangers. Besides, I was bedridden, so it's not like I could have gone to see her even if I had wanted to. Kurisu said that she was supposed to go back to America in August. That was on the Alpha worldline, so things may have changed. But what reason would she have to stay in Japan after what her father did to her? I thrust my hand into my pocket. Two pins remain. One of them is for Lab Mem 001. That's me. The remaining badge, which belongs to Lab Mem 004, may never reach its rightful owner. But Kurisu is alive, and that's good enough for me. I once chose to let her die. I once killed her with my own two hands. But this time, I was able to save her. No one remembers those three weeks we spent with Kurisu. No one but me. I will remember. I will never forget. So I don't need anything else. I don't want anything else. Hey, Kurisu. I don't know what the future holds. War may still break out. SERN may still complete their time machine. But at the very least, the future is undecided. We're building it now. From the bottom up. Not just me. Not just you. But every man, woman, and child. So keep on watching, wherever in this wide world you may be. I take out my own pin and fasten it to my chest. I walk through the sea of shoppers, staring straight ahead.
Rintaro: ...eh?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly turn around. Just now, in the corner of my eye, I saw her. The girl who shouldn't be here. Her long hair fluttered as she passed me by. There. A familiar figure. I'd recognize that back anywhere. She has stopped too, in the middle of the sidewalk. Slowly, slowly, she turns to face me. It's her. I thought she had gone back to America. It's her. She doesn't even know me.
Kurisu: It's you!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: I've been looking everywhere for you! Ever since you saved my life. I was afraid I'd never have a chance to say thank you. I'm so glad we could finally meet. Thank you. Thank you so much. And thank goodness you're alright.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks so radiant as she tries to hold back her tears. Just when I thought I had finally suppressed it, all my love for her flows out at once. I'm so happy that I want to cry too. So, to hide my embarrassment, I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. Why is she here? Reading Steiner didn't activate. What? Protect her!? Heh... that's a tall order, my friend. But if that is the choice of Steins Gate... then so be it. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I close my phone and clear my throat. I have no idea what to say. She's still staring at me with those wide, pleading eyes. I open my mouth.
Rintaro: We meet again, Christina.
Kurisu: How many times do I have to tell you!? I'm not Christina, or your assistant or--
Rintaro: ...!?
Kurisu: Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Now I really have no idea what to say. How does this Kurisu know about that? Those were the names I used to tease Kurisu. She always got mad whenever I used them. They were our bond, our private joke. But I had yet to use them on the day we first met at Radi-Kan. So how could this worldline's Kurisu know?
Kurisu: Huh? I... why did I say that? Words just... popped into my head...
UNSPOKEN: It looks like Kurisu is as confused as I am. She stares at me, bewildered. And then, I finally realize the truth. Everyone has Reading Steiner. Even if the worldline changes. Even if the past and the future are rewritten. Your memories remain. You've merely forgotten. All it takes is a push, and you can remember. The memories of those lost three weeks. The memories we made together.
Rintaro: Welcome back, my assistant, Makise Kurisu -- no, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: I reach into my pocket and take out the last pin. Nobody knows what the future holds. And that is why, just as this reunion demonstrates, the possibilities are endless. I place the pin in Kurisu's hand. I gently close her hand in mine. And, holding back my tears, I tell her...
Rintaro: This is the choice of Steins Gate.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---