Kurisu: “Could you come with me for a moment?”
UNSPOKEN: What’s with the attitude? She’s obviously not staff, and there’s no way that the Makise Kurisu would be working with someone like Doctor Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: Which means... no!
Rintaro: “Y-you’re with the Organization!?”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
Rintaro: “If their tendrils have gotten this far, then I’ve made a grave mistake.”
Kurisu: “Stop fooling around and come with me.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: My outburst has already attracted too much attention.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi, in particular, looks like he wants to rip my head off. It must be mortifying to be exposed as a fraud by a bright young man like myself.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, I mustn’t draw any more attention to myself. If the Organization gets wind of my presence here, it could endanger Mayuri -- to say nothing of these ignorant civilians.
UNSPOKEN: I let Makise Kurisu lead me out of the assembly hall.
Rintaro: “Try anything and people are sure to notice. What will your superiors say then?”
Kurisu: “What are you talking about?”
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me. Quite fiercely at that.
UNSPOKEN: Attractive though she may be, there is no innocence in her eyes.
UNSPOKEN: A beautiful agent, unmatched in cruelty.
UNSPOKEN: My heart beats in exhilaration from the danger.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like chaos really does get my blood pumping. Heh heh heh.
Kurisu: “I just need to ask you something.”
Rintaro: “What makes you think I’ll answer? I know how the Organization operates.”
Kurisu: “What’s with this ’Organization’ stuff?”
UNSPOKEN: Instead of answering, I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: “It’s me. I’ve been caught by an Organization agent. ...Yes, it’s Makise Kurisu. She’s a dangerous one. ...No, it’s fine. I’ll find a way to--”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly snatches the phone from my hand.
UNSPOKEN: What skill! I didn’t have time to react.
Rintaro: “What are you doing!?”
Kurisu: “Huh? Your phone’s off.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...Who were you talking to?”
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes pierce deep into my soul. I quickly look away.
UNSPOKEN: She’s good. Is she trying to attack my sense of identity in order to cause a mental break?
UNSPOKEN: Recover. This isn’t enough to sway me!
Rintaro: “Y-your techniques don’t work on me, but I’ll tell you anyway. That’s no ordinary phone. It’s designed to deactivate the moment it leaves my hand. Muhahaha!”
UNSPOKEN: Such measures are necessary to maintain secrecy. I know things that could get me killed.
UNSPOKEN: I quickly retrieve my phone and wipe the cold sweat off my forehead.
UNSPOKEN: Whew, that was close.
Kurisu: “...So you talk to yourself.”
Rintaro: “Guh!”
UNSPOKEN: This is bad. Ordinary methods don’t work on Makise Kurisu, the genius girl.
UNSPOKEN: On the contrary, she’s the one psyching me out!
UNSPOKEN: Damn. Looks like I’ll have to make a tactical retreat.
UNSPOKEN: If I can just find an opening!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu steps up to me with a serious expression.
UNSPOKEN: She stares right at me, her huge eyes blazing with strength of will.
UNSPOKEN: Such fire. I can’t look away.
UNSPOKEN: Could someone with such pure eyes really be an Organization agent?
Kurisu: “What were you trying to tell me earlier?”
UNSPOKEN: Earlier?
Rintaro: “What are you talking about?”
Kurisu: “About fifteen minutes ago. Before the conference started.”
UNSPOKEN: Nonsense. This is the first time we’ve met.
UNSPOKEN: I was with Mayuri and that Upa toy fifteen minutes ago.
Kurisu: “You were trying to tell me something, right? You looked really upset.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “My knowledge has no limits.”
UNSPOKEN: I am a mad scientist, after all.
Rintaro: “Genius girl, our next meeting shall be as enemies!”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
Rintaro: “Farewell! Muhahaha!”
UNSPOKEN: I spin around and take off down the stairs, ignoring her call to stop. Like I’d listen to the enemy.
Rintaro: “Damn the Organization! They must be serious if they’re sending in agents like her!”
UNSPOKEN: I run all the way down to the 4th floor and check behind me. Once I’m convinced Makise Kurisu’s not tailing me, I sigh while rubbing my temples.
Rintaro: “But I can’t let them capture me yet.”
UNSPOKEN: Well then, what do I do now?
UNSPOKEN: My mission was to attend the conference and evaluate Doctor Nakabachi’s research. Now that I know he’s a fraud, there’s no real point in going back.
UNSPOKEN: I guess I’ll just go home.
UNSPOKEN: But wait. Aren’t I forgetting something important?
UNSPOKEN: Let’s see now... what is it?
Rintaro: “...Damn. I left Mayuri behind.”
UNSPOKEN: I knew she’d be a liability.
UNSPOKEN: I shouldn’t have brought her along. I was trying to prioritize her safety, but got careless.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll try calling her first. If she’s alright, then I can just have her meet me here.
UNSPOKEN: With that thought in mind, I take out my phone. I turn it on.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Is there something wrong?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns and tries to back away.
UNSPOKEN: But I don’t let go of her shoulder.
UNSPOKEN: My grip tightens.
Kurisu: “O-ow!”
Rintaro: “Y-you...”
Rintaro: “You should be dead! Why are you here!?”
Rintaro: “And you’re even...”
UNSPOKEN: There isn’t a single bloodstain on her clothes, and they’re the same ones she was wearing when I found her.
UNSPOKEN: Only a serious wound could have produced that much blood.
UNSPOKEN: Yet as far as I can tell, she’s completely uninjured.
Rintaro: “Not a scratch...”
Kurisu: “Hey, that hurts! Let me go!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pushes me away.
UNSPOKEN: Then she shoots me a wary glare.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that I’m gaping in disbelief.
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with you?”
Rintaro: “You’re okay? But that’s impossible! Someone stabbed you! I saw you lying in a pool of blood!”
Itaru: “That again?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru interrupts.
UNSPOKEN: Wait. There’s something strange about what he just said.
Rintaro: “What do you mean, ’again’?”
Itaru: “I mean, you sent me that email like a week ago, right?”
Rintaro: “I sent you an email?”
Rintaro: “Don’t be ridiculous! I saw her dead just three hours ago!”
Kurisu: “Hey! Could you not talk about me like that? I’m perfectly fine.”
Itaru: “You know, that message was kinda weird. It was dated a week after I got it, which means it came from the future.”
Kurisu: “It came from the future?”
Rintaro: “That sounds like something you’d read on the internet, Daru. It’s rare for you to talk about ridiculous theories.”
Itaru: “No, the date was definitely a week later. It came from, uh... the 28th. Wait. That’s today!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru pulls out his phone and shows it to me.
UNSPOKEN: He’s right. The email was sent from my phone.
UNSPOKEN: He received it on July 21st at 12:56.
UNSPOKEN: But it was sent on July 28th at 12:54.
UNSPOKEN: It was split into three mails.
UNSPOKEN: “Someone stab”
UNSPOKEN: “bed Makise K”
UNSPOKEN: “urisu. Don’t”
UNSPOKEN: Why did I send such a short message in three parts?
UNSPOKEN: And it looks like the third email got cut off.
UNSPOKEN: I do recognize the content, though.
Rintaro: “This is the email I sent you three hours ago.”
UNSPOKEN: But I sent one mail. Not three. And there should be more text.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Substance. She has substance. Of course she’s not a ghost. How silly of me.”
Kurisu: “...”
Itaru: “O-Okarin, I don’t think that’s a good idea...”
UNSPOKEN: I poke Kurisu’s cheeks with my fingers.
UNSPOKEN: Such softness. Dead bodies don’t feel like this. Not that I’ve ever touched one.
Kurisu: “...Hey.”
UNSPOKEN: Wait a minute, we already touched when I bumped into her coming out of the elevator. I even grabbed her shoulders before being pushed away.
UNSPOKEN: And I still doubted that she had substance? That’s just proof of how confused I am.
UNSPOKEN: If she’s alive, then what did I see back at Radi-Kan? What was that scream I heard?
UNSPOKEN: Were they hallucinations, just like that mass disappearance?
UNSPOKEN: That’s right, she was stabbed! Maybe she’s just hiding her wounds.
UNSPOKEN: This requires further investigation.
UNSPOKEN: I grab the hem of her blouse and slowly lift it--
Kurisu: “Are you trying to get yourself arrested?”
Rintaro: “I just want to know the truth.”
UNSPOKEN: I stare straight back at Kurisu as she trembles with anger, and lift her blouse a little higher...
Kurisu: “What truth, you perv!? You stupid!? Wanna die!?”
UNSPOKEN: She pushes my hand away.
Itaru: “Louise-chan’s famous line for the win!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru shouts something silly, but I ignore him and press Kurisu.
Rintaro: “I know what I saw!”
Kurisu: “No way! Did you just see my underw...!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s face turns bright red. She firmly pulls her blouse down.
Rintaro: “No, you fool! Not that!”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Earlier this afternoon, after Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation, someone killed Makise Kurisu and left her in a pool of blood.
UNSPOKEN: I carefully explain everything that I saw.
Kurisu: “Wait. Doctor Nakabachi?”
Itaru: “What are you talking about, Okarin? Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation was canceled.”
Rintaro: “Canceled!?”
Itaru: “Yeah. Because of the satellite crash.”
UNSPOKEN: Something’s wrong. Our stories aren’t matching.
UNSPOKEN: It’s the same thing that happened right after I saw the mass disappearance. Mayuri’s story didn’t match mine.
UNSPOKEN: I need to know.
UNSPOKEN: Am I caught in some sinister plot?
UNSPOKEN: Is this another Organization conspiracy?
Kurisu: “Excuse me, um...”
Rintaro: “My name... is Hououin Kyouma!”
Itaru: “Really, man? You’re hopeless...”
Kurisu: “Okay, Hououin-san. I’d like to hear your story in more detail.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she finally understands I’m not lying.
UNSPOKEN: But I still don’t understand why my memories don’t match everyone else’s. I doubt that I can give her a good explanation.
UNSPOKEN: Just then, an older man steps out of the assembly hall.
Professor: “Makise-san? It’s almost time.”
Kurisu: “Huh? Oh, right. Thank you.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at me one more time, then sighs and heads towards the small conference room.
Itaru: “We should go too.”
Rintaro: “Go where?”
Itaru: “To hear the lecture, duh?”
UNSPOKEN: Ahh, that.
UNSPOKEN: Daru follows after Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Did she come to attend the lecture too? Strange.
UNSPOKEN: Why would the girl genius, Makise Kurisu, need to attend a lecture like this?
UNSPOKEN: Okay. My guess was a bit off.
UNSPOKEN: The girl genius didn’t come to attend the lecture.
Kurisu: “Um, I’d like to thank everyone for coming to hear me speak today.”
Rintaro: “She’s the one giving the lecture...”
UNSPOKEN: Japan’s famous girl genius, Makise Kurisu, who had her thesis published at the tender age of 17.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Time travel? Oh-ho...”
Kurisu: “Let me start by saying that time travel is an absurd concept.”
Rintaro: “OBJECTION!”
Kurisu: “Hwa...!?”
UNSPOKEN: Every member of the audience, not just Kurisu, is startled by my interruption.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps I’m being slightly rude here, but I’m not one to just sit and listen to some genius girl’s drivel!
Rintaro: “It’s presumptuous for you to claim that time travel is absurd!”
Itaru: “Okarin, you magnificent fool!”
UNSPOKEN: Sitting at my side, Daru throws me a small salute.
UNSPOKEN: ATF staff are approaching, probably to kick me out.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps I got too carried away.
Kurisu: “Um... okay. It’s fine, I guess. It’ll be easier to talk in a discussion format.”
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to her proposal, the event staff refrain from escorting me out.
UNSPOKEN: She sounds a little pissed, but let’s not mind that.
Kurisu: “But before that, please listen to my thoughts on the subject.”
Kurisu: “Scientists have proposed many theoretical models of time travel, but there are eleven in particular that bear mentioning.”
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... what are the major theories of time travel?
UNSPOKEN: I have heard about the cosmic string theory, at least.
Kurisu: “Neutron Star Theory. Black Hole Theory. Lightspeed Theory.”
Kurisu: “Tachyon Theory. Wormhole Theory. Exotic Matter Theory.”
Kurisu: “Cosmic String Theory. Quantum Gravity Theory. Cesium Laser Theory.”
Kurisu: “Elementary Particle Ring & Laser Theory. Dirac Antiparticle Theory.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... not bad.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps Makise Kurisu is a worthy rival after all.
Kurisu: “However, all of these models are purely theoretical.”
Kurisu: “Some of them even contradict each other.”
Rintaro: “Well, what if someone comes up with a 12th model?”
Kurisu: “Hm? Ahh, uhh, right, well...”
Kurisu: “It could be contradicted by the 13th model, now couldn’t it?”
UNSPOKEN: Damn! She twisted my question and used it against me!
UNSPOKEN: Touche, genius girl.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, I feel eyes on me.
UNSPOKEN: Some puffed-up professors are giving me hard looks from across the room.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I got too carried away.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to risk losing my credits. I should back off for now.
Kurisu: “By the way, time travel to the future is available to us right now, according to Einstein’s special theory of relativity.”
Kurisu: “For example, let’s say someone were to go to Haneda Airport and board a plane headed to Okinawa. Upon arrival, that person would be about one hundred millionth of a second farther into the future than I am.”
UNSPOKEN: What does that mean?
Kurisu: “According to the special theory of relativity, time moves slower for objects as they approach the speed of light.”
Kurisu: “For example, if you could run at near the speed of light, you could reach a point where time only moves half as fast for you.”
Kurisu: “If you were to keep running at that speed for 24 hours, 48 hours would elapse in the rest of the world, meaning you would ’jump’ one day into the future. Understand, Hououin Kyouma?”
Rintaro: “Gah!”
UNSPOKEN: Why are you singling me out?
UNSPOKEN: I’m doing my best to hold back, but it looks like Makise Kurisu wants to pick a fight.
UNSPOKEN: I wish that she hadn’t said that name in front of so many people.
UNSPOKEN: It’s too great a risk to let others know my true name.
Professor: “But that’s not really time travel, is it?”
UNSPOKEN: Now a professor calmly makes an objection.
UNSPOKEN: True, Makise Kurisu’s example isn’t strictly time travel, per se.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “It’s like a shortcut through space... right?”
Kurisu: “Yes, that’s correct.”
UNSPOKEN: Whew... I got it right.
UNSPOKEN: I sigh inwardly in relief.
Kurisu: “There are two wormholes joined by a tunnel. No matter how far away the wormholes are, transit time through the tunnel is zero.”
Kurisu: “But oh no, there’s a problem. The wormhole tunnel suffers from super gravity, and collapses as soon as it opens.”
Kurisu: “So we need something to negate the effect of gravity.”
Kurisu: “So-called ’exotic matter’. A substance with negative mass which repulses other matter.”
UNSPOKEN: Negative mass, huh?
UNSPOKEN: Is it something that floats if you leave it on the ground?
UNSPOKEN: ...Maybe not. I can’t even begin to imagine what it would be like.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu raises her right fist.
Kurisu: “Say that the wormhole tunnel is being squished by an invisible fist.”
Kurisu: ”In order to pass through, you need something that could oppose my fist’s ’grasping force’ so that I can’t squish anymore.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu opens her fist.
Kurisu: “If you stabilize the tunnel with exotic matter injection, instantaneous travel between wormholes becomes possible. To travel through time, however, takes a little more effort.”
Kurisu: “For example, let’s say there’s a wormhole entrance here in Akihabara, and the exit is in Los Angeles.”
Kurisu: “First, we send the wormhole in LA all the way to the end of the universe at near the speed of light. And once it’s there, we yank it back to LA.”
UNSPOKEN: Uh... how?
Kurisu: “According to the special theory of relativity, time slows down for objects moving at the speed of light. Meaning the hole that returned to LA would be further in the past than the Akihabara hole.”
Kurisu: “So now, if Hououin-san jumped into the wormhole, he’d arrive in LA several years before he left.”
Kurisu: “However, this still can’t be called true time travel. It only seems that way. This is called the Urashima effect.”
Kurisu: “The important part is to return to Akihabara from LA through the wormhole once more. Since the transit time is zero...”
Kurisu: “Hououin-san will return to Akihabara several years in the past. Time travel complete.”
Kurisu: “The prerequisites for wormhole travel are simpler than the ones for cosmic string travel.”
Kurisu: “First. The wormhole itself. They may exist somewhere in the universe. But nobody has ever seen one.”
Kurisu: “Second. The energy required to move a wormhole to the end of the universe and back at near-light speed.”
Kurisu: “Third. Exotic matter, which, by the way, has not been confirmed to exist.”
UNSPOKEN: So, implementation of either one would require a ridiculous amount of effort.
Kurisu: “Now do you see what I meant when I said that time travel is an absurd concept?”
Kurisu: “Time travel theories are all just thought experiments. Not one of them can create a viable time machine. That is my answer.”
Student: “Isn’t there anything simpler? Like something you can pull out of a drawer and just use, or something.”
Kurisu: “I’m afraid not.”
UNSPOKEN: A firm declaration.
Kurisu: “This is the limit of modern physics. I can’t say how it might change in ten years, though.”
Kurisu: “Besides, even if someone did overcome the logistical requirements, there may be other factors that prevent time travel from working.”
Kurisu: “And that’s because fundamental problems concerning the principle of causality have not yet been solved.”
Rintaro: “You mean time paradoxes... and conservation of mass?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Gah...”
UNSPOKEN: I grind my teeth.
UNSPOKEN: When I see Makise Kurisu looking at me with her composed expression, I avert my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like I have no choice but to concede. Makise Kurisu truly is a genius!
UNSPOKEN: I ended up listening to all of Kurisu’s lecture at ATF.
UNSPOKEN: After the two time travel theories she introduced at the beginning, she explained the rest with equal eloquence. 
UNSPOKEN: She seemed a little nervous at first, but that quickly changed as she spoke. By the end, it was an impressive lecture. So impressive that you wouldn’t think it was an 18-year-old’s first time.
UNSPOKEN: She did well to respond to my malicious questions with sarcasm. She’s got guts.
UNSPOKEN: Wait, why am I praising her!?
UNSPOKEN: Leaving that aside...
UNSPOKEN: I saw Makise Kurisu dead.
UNSPOKEN: And yet she is alive.
UNSPOKEN: My memories don’t mesh with reality.
UNSPOKEN: And not just about Kurisu. My conversations with Daru and Mayuri didn’t make sense either.
UNSPOKEN: Everything would be solved if I just told myself that what I saw was a dream. An illusion. It never happened.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Oh?”
UNSPOKEN: I hear a girl’s voice coming from the lounge.
Kurisu: “That looks like an interesting experiment.”
Rintaro: “Who’s there!?”
UNSPOKEN: My heart just skipped a beat.
UNSPOKEN: I turn towards the voice in surprise.
UNSPOKEN: And get pierced by a sharp stare.
Rintaro: “Impossible! What are you doing here!?”
Rintaro: “The 18-year-old genius girl! A sadist who humiliates men in public! Also known as The Zombie!”
Rintaro: “Makise... Kurisu!”
Itaru: ”Nice exposition, bro.”
Kurisu: “Who are you calling a zombie?”
Rintaro: “What is the meaning of this!? What is your purpose here?”
Kurisu: “I’m here to see you, Okabe Rintaro-san. Or is it Hououin Kyouma-san?”
UNSPOKEN: Wait. How the hell does she know my real name?
UNSPOKEN: I’ve never spoken it in front of her!
Rintaro: “I was right! You’re one of the Organization’s top agents, an esper with superhuman powers!”
Rintaro: “No wonder you rose from the dead!”
Kurisu: “I’m not dead, alright? Please stop killing me off.”
Kurisu: “Hashida-san, can you do something about this guy?”
Itaru: “You came at a bad time, Makise-shi, with Okarin freaking out like this.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru doesn’t seem phased by this girl’s entrance. Why?
Rintaro: “Have you betrayed me, Daru!?”
Itaru: “Calm down, man.”
Rintaro: “Are you being blackmailed? Or did she seduce you?”
UNSPOKEN: I glare at Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: He’s my right-hand man! How dare you!?
Rintaro: “YOU’VE CROSSED THE LINE, BIIITTCH!”
Kurisu: “Get ahold of yourself.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s eyes flash dangerously... I think.
UNSPOKEN: Such intensity from an 18-year-old.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she didn’t resurrect after her first death. Maybe she’s a robotic killing machine, constructed to replace the dead Kurisu. Is that it?
UNSPOKEN: For now, I’ll do as I’m told.
Kurisu: “Hashida-san gave me the address after yesterday’s lecture. He also told me your name.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s all? The truth is... kind of a let down.
Rintaro: “So you’re here to see me, is that it?”
Kurisu: “Yes. You claimed to have seen me die. I came to see if that was the truth, or just a pathetic excuse to grope me. I came for the answer.”
UNSPOKEN: Now that she mentions it, she did treat me like I was a perv yesterday.
UNSPOKEN: Well... I suppose I should be grateful that she didn’t call the cops on me after what I did.
UNSPOKEN: But what choice did I have? Anybody would react the same way if a dead person reappeared before them. Right?
Kurisu: “But your current behavior is all the answer I need. It was all an act to grope me. My initial hypothesis was correct.”
Rintaro: “Not so fast. There’s more to this than you know.”
UNSPOKEN: I must clear my name, or I’ll be labeled as a perv forever!
Kurisu: “Anyway, let’s put that aside for now.”
Rintaro: “R-really?”
UNSPOKEN: That’s a relief. I was sure she was going to call the police.
UNSPOKEN: But that “for now” part bothers me.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu enters the development room with a quick, confident stride.
UNSPOKEN: Even though she’s only 18, she’s got a decent figure and good posture.
UNSPOKEN: Not much in the chest, though!
UNSPOKEN: Her presence seems to fill the cramped room, driving me and Daru to the corners.
UNSPOKEN: Can’t she tell this area’s off limits!?
Kurisu: “I haven’t properly introduced myself yet, have I? I’m Makise Kurisu. Pleased to meet you.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “You’re not Japanese!?”
Kurisu: “I’ve lived in America for seven years. What about it?”
Rintaro: “America...”
UNSPOKEN: I look down at her slender fingers.
UNSPOKEN: Glossy, healthy fingernails. No unnecessary nail polish.
UNSPOKEN: I stare, fixated.
UNSPOKEN: Slowly, I extend my hand, making sure to keep enough weight on my heels so I can flee at a moment’s notice.
UNSPOKEN: I lightly grab the tip of Kurisu’s index finger between my thumb and index finger, then instantly let go.
Kurisu: “What’s your problem?”
Rintaro: “I can feel your aura of malice. You must be a powerful kung-fu master.”
Kurisu: “Don’t be ridiculous.”
Rintaro: “Then you’re a NINJA--”
Kurisu: “Give it a rest.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn. She’s completely cold.
UNSPOKEN: Her tone gets scary sometimes, too.
Rintaro: “If you grew up in America, shouldn’t you say ’HAHAHA! NICE TO MEET YOU!’ with a smile across your whole face when asking for a handshake?”
Rintaro: “No, wait, you should be asking for a hug, right?”
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps that’s too much to expect from a killing machine.
Kurisu: “What kind of stereotype is that?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs.
UNSPOKEN: She’s not even looking at me.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, she’s staring at the bananas next to the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: The bananas which have just exhibited a most unusual phenomenon.
UNSPOKEN: Of the bunch, one has been completely gelified.
Kurisu: “...Fascinating.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu brings her face closer to it to get a good look.
Kurisu: “Have any forceps?”
Rintaro: “No!”
Kurisu: “Oh.”
UNSPOKEN: And then, Kurisu stabs the gelatinous banana with her index finger.
UNSPOKEN: She buries her beautiful fingertip knuckle-deep into slimy banana.
Rintaro: “What are you doing!? That’s precious data!”
Kurisu: “It’s squishy.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu extracts her finger. Pieces of gel cling to her fingertip.
UNSPOKEN: She puts that fingertip into her mouth without any hesitation.
Kurisu: “...No taste. Gross.”
UNSPOKEN: She says it with a straight face.
Rintaro: “You have quite the appetite, I see. A side-effect of the resurrection, perhaps? If you’re that hungry, I guess I could give you a banana or two!”
Kurisu: “No thanks.”
Itaru: “Either way, those bananas are Mayushii’s.”
Rintaro: “Come, don’t be shy. This is an offering. Take it!”
Kurisu: “As if. Who would eat some perv’s banana?”
Itaru: “A perv’s banana...!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts shaking as if he’s been electrocuted.
UNSPOKEN: What? What’s wrong?
Itaru: “Eat... a perv’s banana... squishy... finger in mouth... ’Gross!’ with a sour expression...”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like his cranial pervert processor is overclocking.
Itaru: “Um, can you say that one more time? With a more humiliated expression, if you please.”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
Itaru: “Come on. Say, ’Who would eat some perv’s banana?’ but if you could add an, ’Ahh, but it’s so...’ after that, it would be extra delicious!”
Kurisu: “Huh? ...huh?”
Kurisu: “...Ah!!”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu’s face turns bright red.
Rintaro: “Muhaha! Oh, Daru. You may be a worthless, disgusting perv, but let me say, well done, sir!”
UNSPOKEN: Payback is sweet!
UNSPOKEN: Now to follow up for maximum combo!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Why you...”
Rintaro: “Come on! Say it, genius girl! What’s the imagination of a genius like? I’d love to hear from you!”
Kurisu: “You... ass!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns her back to us with perked shoulders.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s capable of expressing human emotion after all.
UNSPOKEN: That rules out robotic killing machine.
UNSPOKEN: Ah! I feel refreshed.
UNSPOKEN: I haven’t felt this good in years.
UNSPOKEN: Way to go, Daru. That’s my right-hand man! Always gets the job done.
Kurisu: “I get it. You’re both pervs.”
Itaru: “Well... you could say that.”
UNSPOKEN: Don’t admit it, you idiot.
Rintaro: “I don’t want to hear that from you.”
Kurisu: “Okay! If I came off as a little rude, I apologize.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply and turns back to us.
UNSPOKEN: Her composure has already returned.
Kurisu: “I was only acting that way because you molested me, but I’ll ignore that for now.”
UNSPOKEN: I wish she would stop saying “for now.” It’s like she’s gonna call the cops on me later.
Kurisu: “Please tell me what happened to this banana. I’d also like to hear about that...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: “That microwave thing.”
Rintaro: “That’s top secret. The one thing I’m cleared to share with unauthorized individuals is that its name is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).”
Kurisu: “Name subject to change? What’s that about?”
Rintaro: “PhoneWave is weak. It needs a better name.”
Kurisu: “I couldn’t care less about its name.”
Rintaro: “I’m afraid that’s the only information you’re cleared for.”
Itaru: “Hold on, Okarin. Makise-shi might be able to explain what’s going on.”
Rintaro: “Hmm... well...”
UNSPOKEN: She is a genius.
UNSPOKEN: She would have to be to defeat my sharp wit. We can trust her intellect, at least.
UNSPOKEN: But it’s hard to stomach her attitude.
UNSPOKEN: Plus, she has danger written on her face.
UNSPOKEN: Not to mention, she’s a little scary too.
UNSPOKEN: Then, I get a great idea.
Kurisu: “That creepy grin... are you thinking perverted thoughts again?”
Rintaro: “You said your name’s Christina, right?”
Kurisu: “Who the hell’s Christina!? I never said that!”
UNSPOKEN: ‘Christina’ sounds like the name of a Hollywood film star. It definitely has more flavor than her real name.
Rintaro: “If you wish to learn the secrets of this microwave, then you must meet my conditions.”
Kurisu: “...Which are?”
Rintaro: “Condition One: You must become a lab mem.”
Kurisu: “Ramen?”
Rintaro: “No! Lab mem, stupid! Short for laboratory member!”
Kurisu: “You mean you want me to join your research team? I’m supposed to return to America in August.”
Rintaro: “I’ll have you sign a non-disclosure agreement so you won’t betray our secrets. Break the agreement, and I’ll report your steamy, perverted acts to Science Magazine.”
Kurisu: “Gh...”
Itaru: “You’re a monster, Okarin. I’ll take five copies.”
Rintaro: “From the moment you become a lab mem to the moment of your departure, your brain shall be used for the benefit of our lab.”
Kurisu: “You’re so full of it. Let’s see the contract, then.”
Rintaro: “What contract? This is a lab, not a corporation!”
Kurisu: “I don’t mind lending you my knowledge, but if there is more pervy nonsense involved, the answer is NO.”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry, we don’t bite.”
Kurisu: “No more molestation?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “The second condition is...”
Rintaro: “That you’ll overlook all past acts of molestation I may or may not have committed!”
Kurisu: “...”
Itaru: “Okarin, you’re so petty! You’re the pettiest person I’ve ever met! That’s why we love you! That’s why we admire you!”
Rintaro: “Shut up, Daru. You have no right to talk. By the way, Daru’s perverted acts aren’t included. You two can work it out yourselves.”
Itaru: “What the hell, man!”
Rintaro: “Those are the conditions! If you can’t accept them, then you must leave at once!”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh. So what’ll it be? I don’t think it’s a bad deal at all.”
Kurisu: “You mean for you.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts her fingers to her brow and shakes her head in an exaggerated gesture.
Kurisu: “Geez... I feel like I’m hypersecreting noradrenaline. Let me pick my jaw up off the floor.”
Rintaro: “I don’t care about your dislocated jaw! Do you accept the conditions or not? Answer me, Christina!”
Kurisu: “Stop adding -tina! My name’s Kurisu!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at the ceiling to calm herself down.
UNSPOKEN: Does everyone in America make such exaggerated gestures?
UNSPOKEN: Sooner or later, she’ll say “Dayumn!” or “Oh mah gah!” or “Muthafucka!”.
Kurisu: “...Okay. I accept.”
Rintaro: “Hehehe, good answer. From this moment forth, you are Lab Mem Number 004.”
Rintaro: “Welcome, Christina -- codename, The Zombie!”
Kurisu: “I won’t answer to either. Use my real name, Hououin.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: We spend a minute staring each other down.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s the first to look away.
UNSPOKEN: She does so in a way that says “good grief.”
Kurisu: “You’re such a child.”
Rintaro: “You say something? Genius perv girl?”
Kurisu: “Come on! No more saying ’perv’! I won’t treat you like a perv either! So let’s drop it already!”
Rintaro: “As long as you understand. Now for the issue at hand. Daru, give Christina--”
Kurisu: “No ’-tina’ either.”
Rintaro: “Give Kurisu-kun an explanation on our experiments so far.”
Itaru: “But I refuse.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: In the end, I’m the one who has to explain. Along the way, I also relate the tale of my heroic deeds -- which enrages Kurisu, of course -- but I finally tell her everything about the bananas and the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t ask any questions. She’s quick to understand, as expected of a genius.
Kurisu: “Fascinating.”
Rintaro: “Let’s hear your opinion.”
Kurisu: “I think we can at least throw out completely worthless theories like electromagnetic weaponry and teleportation.”
UNSPOKEN: The lady doth protest too much.
Kurisu: “Can we run the experiment one more time? I want to see it for myself.”
UNSPOKEN: Without waiting for our approval, Kurisu plucks an untouched banana and sticks it in the microwave, then starts entering the commands on her phone.
UNSPOKEN: It’s strange.
UNSPOKEN: She’s still wearing her usual frown, but I can’t shake the feeling that she’s really enjoying herself.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t put my finger on why. Call it a hunch.
UNSPOKEN: But I mean, she is a scientist. Why shouldn’t she enjoy experimenting?
Kurisu: “Okabe-san, Hashida-san, please watch the bananas.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I’m at a loss for words.
UNSPOKEN: I just witnessed the unthinkable.
UNSPOKEN: This phenomenon is clearly teleportation.
UNSPOKEN: The microwave timer chimes.
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu peeks into the microwave, stumped.
Rintaro: “How does it look?”
Kurisu: “Huh? Oh... uh...”
Kurisu: “A-at 104 seconds, it d-disappeared. Abruptly. Yeah.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s quite flustered.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t think many people could remain calm after witnessing such a phenomenon.
Rintaro: “So it is a teleporter! The first in human history!”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly calms down.
UNSPOKEN: She furrows her brow and crosses her arms, tapping her right foot as she mutters to herself.
Kurisu: “Teleportation... is that even possible?”
Kurisu: “It did move... No matter how unbelievable that may be...”
Kurisu: “Could it be quantum teleportation... no, that only occurs on the quantum level...”
Rintaro: “Don’t avert your eyes from the truth! What you’ve seen with your own eyes is everything!”
UNSPOKEN: She gives me a sharp look.
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes are like a sniper’s, hard and keen.
Kurisu: “Did it really teleport? It’s dangerous to reason from the conclusion.”
Rintaro: “Well then, genius girl, what do you call this phenomenon?”
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “Let’s sort this out.”
Kurisu: “Neither the banana bunch nor the frozen chicken teleported. Correct?”
Rintaro: “...So, maybe there’s a size limit for objects that can teleport.”
Kurisu: “But aren’t those chicken pieces smaller than bananas?”
Rintaro: “We used the same chicken for each experiment. They come in 12-packs.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri only buys her favorite: Juicy Chicken Number One.
Itaru: “That’s quite a lot, then.”
Kurisu: “What about salt? You experimented with salt too, right?”
UNSPOKEN: We used a handful of table salt on a plate for one experiment.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing happened.
Kurisu: “Maybe the plate was in the way.”
Rintaro: “Of course we tried it without the plate, but that didn’t change anything.”
Kurisu: “Then, maybe each individual grain of salt was too small... or something?”
Kurisu: “Hmm... I need a clue...”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like our genius girl’s fighting a hard battle. She starts pacing the room, looking a little annoyed.
Kurisu: “Anything else? Have you noticed anything else about the PhoneWave?”
Rintaro: “Not PhoneWave. PhoneWave (name subject to change).”
Kurisu: “Forget about that.”
Kurisu: “So? Have you noticed anything or not?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s looking at Daru. Looks like she’s asking him, not me.
UNSPOKEN: True, he should know more about the PhoneWave (name subject to change) than I do. He’s done all the maintenance on it, after all.
Itaru: “Oh, right!”
Itaru: “One time, it shot off a huge electrical discharge.”
Rintaro: “What!? I don’t know anything about that!”
Itaru: “That’s because you weren’t around when it happened.”
Kurisu: “Discharge? How much?”
Itaru: “It was like a fluorescent light lit up the development room. It lasted about two seconds, I guess.”
Kurisu: “What were the circumstances?”
Itaru: “I was adjusting the cellphone attached to it. I unhooked it and put my own in.”
Itaru: “A little bit later, sparky sparky.”
Rintaro: “When was that?”
Itaru: “Around noon yesterday. When you went to see Doctor Nakabachi’s presentation.”
Kurisu: “Doctor Nakabachi...”
UNSPOKEN: That’s right. I went to see Doctor Nakabachi’s conference yesterday.
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, he stole his time travel theory from John Titor.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “That email you showed me at ATF yesterday?”
UNSPOKEN: When I nod, Kurisu comes closer.
Kurisu: “It said someone stabbed me at the presentation, didn’t it?”
Rintaro: “Yeah. But for some reason, Daru’s phone received it a week ago...”
Itaru: “Huh? Wasn’t that one of your stories? If it wasn’t, then that would make the timestamp weird.”
Rintaro: “I always speak the truth! If you don’t trust me, I’ll show you my send history.”
UNSPOKEN: I whip out my phone and call up the history.
UNSPOKEN: But--
Rintaro: “It’s gone...”
UNSPOKEN: Not a trace of that mail remains.
UNSPOKEN: According to my memory, I think it was about 30 minutes after Doctor Nakabachi’s conference.
UNSPOKEN: About ten people including me saw Kurisu’s body, panicked, and fled Radi-Kan. That’s when I sent that mail.
UNSPOKEN: But no matter how many times I check, there’s no record of it.
UNSPOKEN: It should be there, but it isn’t.
UNSPOKEN: Just like the banana inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Rintaro: “Where did it go? I could’ve sworn I sent it just before 1 PM.”
Itaru: “Oh yeah! That’s when the discharge phenomenon happened! The show I was watching was about to end.”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, a flash of inspiration strikes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Uh, what?”
Itaru: “Oh, this is one of Okarin’s usual habits, so don’t mind it. Seriously.”
Rintaro: “Silence! I’ve reached the answer, and now the world will tremble!”
UNSPOKEN: I slap the top of the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Rintaro: “The disappearance of my mail, the strange timestamp, and the sudden electrical discharge must be...”
Rintaro: “Related somehow!”
Itaru: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...And?”
Rintaro: “Huh?”
Kurisu: “I understand that they’re related somehow. But how?”
Rintaro: “It’s your job to figure that out, Christina.”
Kurisu: “Hashida-san, talking to this guy’s so tiring.”
Itaru: “Everyone’s like that at first. The trick is to not take him seriously.”
Rintaro: “And you call yourself my right-hand man!?”
UNSPOKEN: Whatever. I’ll prove that I’m right.
UNSPOKEN: If we can reproduce the electrical discharge phenomenon, it should bring us closer to understanding the timestamp mystery.
Rintaro: “Daru, describe the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s status when the discharge phenomenon occurred.”
Itaru: “It was kind of a mess. I’d connected my phone to the PhoneWave, and I was testing to see if I could control it with the X68000.”
UNSPOKEN: I disconnect the phone plugged into the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and replace it with mine.
UNSPOKEN: And then I hear the door open in the lounge.
Mayuri: “I’m home! So hungry...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri comes in carrying a convenience store bag.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s done with work.
Mayuri: “Time to eat some chicken! Juicy Chicken Number One♪”
Mayuri: “Okarin, did you buy the bananas? Okarin?”
UNSPOKEN: When she enters the development room, her eyes go wide.
Mayuri: “Huh? We have a guest?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Daru, what were you doing with the X68000?”
Itaru: “Like I said, I was adjusting the incoming mail settings. I was monitoring the moment it received mail for remote control.”
Itaru: “That’s why I put it on ’freezing mode’ for 120 seconds too.”
Itaru: “I made it so that you can start freezing mode by computer. I tested that out yesterday too.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri! Insert the Juicy Chicken Number One into the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!”
Mayuri: “You all want some? I can give you one each.”
UNSPOKEN: With her usual ditziness, Mayuri puts the chicken inside the microwave.
UNSPOKEN: Daru explains what everything on the computer monitor means.
UNSPOKEN: Doesn’t look that different from using DOS.
UNSPOKEN: I enter “120#” on the keyboard and strike the enter key.
UNSPOKEN: The PhoneWave (name subject to change) starts up.
UNSPOKEN: The Juicy Chicken Number One starts spinning backwards on the turntable.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares hard at the PhoneWave (name subject to change), as if to not let any anomaly, no matter how slight, escape her notice.
Rintaro: “So, we’ve reproduced the conditions that existed when the discharge phenomenon occurred. Right?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Huh? Me?”
Rintaro: “Who else!?”
Kurisu: “When did I become your assistant!?”
Rintaro: “Just send something to my phone!”
UNSPOKEN: If we’ve reproduced the conditions correctly, then if she sends something to my phone while it’s connected to the PhoneWave (name subject to change), it should arrive with a timestamp from the past, not the present.
UNSPOKEN: But my assistant -- Kurisu -- just scowls.
Kurisu: “I don’t even know your email address.”
Rintaro: “What a useless assistant.”
Kurisu: “Don’t call me your assistant!”
Rintaro: “Daru, send an email from your phone!”
Itaru: “Uh, sure... but what?”
Rintaro: “Anything!”
Itaru: “Uhh, umm...”
Rintaro: “Send ’Christina’s a perv’!”
Kurisu: “I thought we agreed to stop saying that!”
Itaru: “Well, let’s compromise and go with ’Okarin’s a perv’.”
Rintaro: “You traitor!”
Kurisu: “Good job, Hashida-san!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins and gives Daru a thumbs up.
UNSPOKEN: I really don’t like this.
Mayuri: “Oh no! Mayushii’s bananas!”
UNSPOKEN: It sounds like Mayuri has found the results of our latest experiment.
Mayuri: “They became gelbanas...”
Kurisu: “We experimented on them.”
Mayuri: “But they were Mayushii’s...”
Itaru: “Want me to send the mail now?”
Kurisu: “You’ll be reimbursed later. By Hououin-san, that is.”
Rintaro: “Why me!?”
Mayuri: “Geez! Why do you always have to experiment on Mayushii’s food?”
Mayuri: “Ah! Don’t tell me you’re experimenting on the chicken too?”
Rintaro: “We are.”
Itaru: “’Kay, sending it now. Sending, sending, click.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri slips past me and steps up to the active PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: Before anyone can react, she grabs the handle--
Rintaro: “Wait! Don’t open that!”
Mayuri: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: But it’s too late.
Mayuri: “Wawah!”
UNSPOKEN: Blue-white light fills the room, crackling angrily like the heart of a storm.
Kurisu: “An electrical discharge!”
UNSPOKEN: A violent sparking sound.
UNSPOKEN: I grab Mayuri and pull her away from the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Itaru: “Are we gonna die!?”
UNSPOKEN: A thin cloud of smoke fills the room.
UNSPOKEN: It smells like something’s burning.
UNSPOKEN: My eyes are numb from all the flashing light.
UNSPOKEN: I try blinking several times to regain my sight.
UNSPOKEN: I can hear Kurisu and Daru coughing.
Rintaro: “E-everyone okay?”
Itaru: “S-somehow.”
Kurisu: “That was definitely more than two seconds.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri squeezes my upper arm with her slender fingers.
Mayuri: “O-Okarin? Umm, what just happened?”
UNSPOKEN: My vision gradually returns.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks perplexed.
Rintaro: “Are you okay? No burns or anything?”
Mayuri: “Hmm... It doesn’t hurt anywhere, so I think I’m okay...”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like covering Mayuri was the right choice.
UNSPOKEN: I may be an insane mad scientist, but I still risk life and limb for the safety of my comrades.
UNSPOKEN: I gently let Mayuri out of my embrace.
UNSPOKEN: Whew. Well, that was something.
UNSPOKEN: I wipe the sweat off my brow.
Kurisu: “H-hey! Look at this!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu voice is strained.
UNSPOKEN: With my vision finally restored, I take another look around the room.
UNSPOKEN: And what I see strikes me speechless.
UNSPOKEN: The large table in the center of the room is made of thick, solid wood. It can hold about five or six people without breaking. That’s why we placed the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and the X68000 on it.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA! Just as my calculations predicted!”
UNSPOKEN: First, some maniacal laughter.
UNSPOKEN: Next, I try to take out my phone and do the usual, but unfortunately, it’s still plugged into the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I whisper the words.
UNSPOKEN: Words that have no meaning.
UNSPOKEN: Words I use simply because they sound cool.
UNSPOKEN: These words have meaning because they have no meaning.
UNSPOKEN: After years of repeated use, just speaking them is enough to calm my heart.
Itaru: “...So, about Mayu-shi’s chicken.”
Mayuri: “Eh?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and looks inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: It’s embedded in the floor, but she somehow manages to pry the door open.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “The chicken doesn’t matter! Right now, we need to determine what happened with the Phonewa--”
Mayuri: “It doesn’t matter? That’s so mean, uh, Christina-chan...”
Kurisu: “Hey, Hououin Kyouma! Do something about this! Mayushii-san learned my name wrong!”
Itaru: “More importantly, we need ventilation. *cough cough*”
Rintaro: “Silence, all of you!”
UNSPOKEN: I affix everyone with an overpowering stare.
UNSPOKEN: This shall be remembered as the moment that the greatest experiment of the century succeeded and brought humanity a step forward in a new direction.
UNSPOKEN: These guys have no right to ruin that with their foolish talk.
UNSPOKEN: My heart pounding, I detach my phone from the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: Luckily, it’s completely unharmed.
UNSPOKEN: I open it. It still works.
UNSPOKEN: I bring up the list of received emails.
UNSPOKEN: New emails should come at the top.
UNSPOKEN: However...
UNSPOKEN: My heart beats even faster.
UNSPOKEN: The topmost email isn’t the one Daru sent before the discharge occurred.
UNSPOKEN: This “impossible” phenomenon is exactly what I was hoping for.
UNSPOKEN: I look back through my email history.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Just spit it out. What do you think it is?”
UNSPOKEN: I feel my lips twist into a grin.
UNSPOKEN: I meet Kurisu’s glare head on.
Rintaro: “First, let me say one thing. The greatest inventions are created by accident. This we call serendipity.”
Kurisu: “Get on with it.”
UNSPOKEN: How dare she ruin my speech?
UNSPOKEN: Oh well. Let’s get to the point.
Rintaro: “The mail was sent to the past.”
Rintaro: “The chicken returned to its frozen state.”
Rintaro: “The plucked banana returned to the bunch.”
Kurisu: “...No way.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu seems to get it now.
UNSPOKEN: As expected of my genius assistant.
Rintaro: “Yes way!”
UNSPOKEN: This is the choice of Steins Gate.
Rintaro: “The PhoneWave (name subject to change)...”
Rintaro: “Is a time machine!”
UNSPOKEN: The dawn of a new day.
UNSPOKEN: Actually, it’s already noon. We didn’t sleep at all.
UNSPOKEN: Sleep deprivation makes the summer sun seem all the brighter.
UNSPOKEN: I really don’t want to go outside, but I’m fed up with the humidity inside the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I chug a bottle of Dr P.
UNSPOKEN: My stomach protests. Maybe I drank too fast.
UNSPOKEN: I’m exhausted. My hands are shaking slightly, and my vision is cloudy.
UNSPOKEN: I could pass out if I’m not careful.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should take a shower. That should stave off exhaustion, if only temporarily.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Well, if it isn’t my assistant. What are you doing here?”
Kurisu: “Hey. When did I become your assistant?”
UNSPOKEN: She looks like she’ll snap at me, so to dampen her spirit, I go back to checking my email.
UNSPOKEN: What is wrong with this woman!?
UNSPOKEN: I told her to tell me her phone number and she just ignored me!
UNSPOKEN: And she doesn’t even have any information! How useless can you be!?
Kurisu: “...Why are you glaring at me?”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry about it. You’re not the cause of my frustration.”
Kurisu: “Oh, so you’re just raging? Don’t glare at me.”
Rintaro: “You’ve glared at me before, haven’t you?”
Kurisu: “That’s because you keep doing pervy--”
Kurisu: “Ah, no, I’m not saying anything.”
UNSPOKEN: Another one?
UNSPOKEN: I want to snap my phone in half and throw it on the ground.
UNSPOKEN: What do you mean “Tell me the super hacka’s address♪”!? You making fun of me with that “♪”? You’re not getting anything from me!
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, why does she need to send me two short consecutive emails?
UNSPOKEN: I mean, she might as well just combine them into one.
Kurisu: “Are the emails you’re getting really that unpleasant?”
Rintaro: “They’re more... unreasonable than unpleasant.”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t quite describe it in one word.
UNSPOKEN: “Stop sending me all these short emails! I’m begging you, just gather your thoughts and send everything together!”
UNSPOKEN: I feel a little satisfied after sending that email.
UNSPOKEN: I turn to Kurisu again.
Rintaro: “So, Christina, what brings you here?”
Kurisu: “If you’re going to call me names, could you at least be consistent?”
Kurisu: “Anyway, my business here doesn’t concern you.”
Rintaro: “Why are you pouting?”
Kurisu: “I’m not pouting. I just don’t want to get involved in your silly games again.”
Rintaro: “Nonsense. You’re already a lab mem. You have a duty to work for the benefit of the lab!”
UNSPOKEN: Well, she is only a temporary member.
UNSPOKEN: No, it’s because she’s a temporary member that we need to get as much out of her as we can.
Kurisu: “...I regret losing myself to curiosity back then.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and looks up at the satellite.
UNSPOKEN: We’re not alone. Several other people are standing here and looking up.
UNSPOKEN: It’s Akiba’s latest tourist attraction.
Rintaro: “Did you come to see the satellite?”
Kurisu: “...I guess.”
Kurisu: “It doesn’t make sense. Normally, they calculate satellites’ orbits so that they burn up in the atmosphere when they fall. So how can that thing be in such perfect condition?”
UNSPOKEN: And that’s to say nothing about the huge hole it punched in the building.
UNSPOKEN: Are satellites that durable?
Rintaro: “Where’s this satellite from, anyway?”
Kurisu: “They still don’t know. Rumors say it’s from the former Soviet Union, but Russia denies it. So it looks like they can’t remove it yet.”
UNSPOKEN: Three days have passed and it’s still unknown. How interesting.
UNSPOKEN: I smell a conspiracy.
Rintaro: “So it’s another Organization cover-up! They knew I’d be at Radi-Kan and tried to erase me!”
Kurisu: “Organization? What’s that?”
Rintaro: “The Organization is the Organization. Its formal name is something else, but all those who know of its existence call it the Organization out of fear.”
Rintaro: “They rule the world from the shadows, transcending nations, with politics, economics, religion, even science in their clutches.”
Kurisu: “That’s obviously a crackpot conspiracy theory, thank you very mu--”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “N-nothing! Really, nothing, okay? Say another word and I hit you!”
UNSPOKEN: Crazy girl.
Kurisu: “A-anyway! What’s happened with the PhoneWave!?”
Rintaro: “I thought you didn’t want to get involved. And it’s not the PhoneWave, it’s the PhoneWave (name subject to change)--”
Kurisu: “Just answer me. Have you learned anything?”
Rintaro: “No progress. We’ve tried repeating the experiment, but at present, we haven’t been able to reproduce the discharge phenomenon or send another email to the past.”
Kurisu: “I see...”
UNSPOKEN: Another email.
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, Shining Finger. I said not to send so many short emails, but she doesn’t seem to get it!
UNSPOKEN: I can’t handle this mail demon.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s rethinking things.
UNSPOKEN: Hopefully I don’t have to worry about any more email assaults.
Kurisu: “Hello? Can you put your phone away when you’re talking with someone?”
Rintaro: “Don’t be like that. Rather, you should praise me, for I have taught a foul mail demon to behave like a civilized human being.”
Kurisu: “Why are you so pompous?”
Rintaro: “I’d ask you the same thing, Christina.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Okay, let’s send a reply.
UNSPOKEN: “Apology accepted. I’m looking for an IBN 5100 too. I agree that we should exchange information. I’ll let you know when I have something. You don’t need to reply to this mail.”
UNSPOKEN: I type that out and send it.
Kurisu: “Are you done with your little mail exchange? Hououin-san?”
Rintaro: “Oh? So you remember my true name. Indeed, I am Hououin Kyouma.”
Kurisu: “I was being facetious.”
Rintaro: “How was that facetious? You called me by my correct name. You made no mistake. You’ll make a good assistant.”
Kurisu: “Okabe-san... have you sought professional help?”
Rintaro: “I am not Okabe!”
Kurisu: “This is exhausting...”
UNSPOKEN: Let’s save checking the email for later.
Kurisu: “You’re pompous, but at least you have some manners.”
Rintaro: “What do you mean?”
Kurisu: “I hate people who play with their phones in the middle of a conversation.”
Rintaro: “Ah, so that’s why you grabbed my phone when we first met.”
Kurisu: “When we first met? I didn’t do that.”
Rintaro: “Yeah you did. There I was, giving my report, when you grabbed my--”
UNSPOKEN: ...phone out of my hand. I shut my mouth before I finish.
UNSPOKEN: The events at Radi-Kan.
UNSPOKEN: My story of what happened back then doesn’t mesh with Daru’s story. It didn’t mesh with Mayuri’s. And now it won’t mesh Kurisu’s.
UNSPOKEN: So in the end, was that a dream? A hallucination?
Kurisu: “What? What do you mean ’giving your report’?”
Rintaro: “No. It’s nothing.”
Rintaro: “So, about the PhoneWave (name subject to change).”
Rintaro: “After the experiment, you screamed something like ’A time machine? It can’t be!’ Did something awaken a past trauma?”
Kurisu: “No. And don’t go making one up either.”
Rintaro: “Back when she was five years old, Christina was on the plains of Arkansas when lightning--”
Kurisu: “I wasn’t hit by lightning! And I was still living in Japan when I was five! And why Arkansas?”
Rintaro: “I was trying to imagine tranquil scenery, and the first state to come to mind was Arkansas. Second was Oregon.”
Kurisu: “Not Utah? I mean, relatively speaking, isn’t Utah more suitable?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Fringe science? Don’t be ridiculous.”
Rintaro: “You saw it with your own eyes. You saw the email leap to the past! You saw the banana travel instantly through space!”
Kurisu: “I saw... but we must be missing something. Or maybe we’re just seeing what we want to see.”
Kurisu: “Remember what I said at ATF? Time machines are just a pipe dream given modern technology.”
Kurisu: “And yet a bunch of amateurs like you just stick a phone and a microwave together and expect time travel to occur? Ridiculous.”
Rintaro: “But it did occur! Will you deny what you saw with your own eyes? Are you saying that theories trump reality? Then I hope you enjoy sophistry and word games, because that’s all you’ll ever have!”
Kurisu: “What do you mean, word games?”
Rintaro: “Quantum theory, for example. If you ask me, theories like that are nothing but word games!”
Kurisu: “Wait, are you rejecting modern physics? Who do you think you are?”
Rintaro: “Trust what you see! The only things that matter are things that happen; things that don’t happen, things that aren’t observed, are just hypotheses!”
Kurisu: “When hypotheses pile up, and theories are verified, they become reality.”
Kurisu: “That’s how modern physics comes to understand the truth of the universe.”
Rintaro: “But sometimes your hypotheses are mistaken! Even Einstein was wrong about some things!”
Kurisu: “So you’re going to do nothing, just because you could be wrong? Then enjoy your dirty little lab and your silly gadgets, because that’s all you’ll ever have.”
Kurisu: “You’ll never reach the truth that way. Failure teaches success.”
Rintaro: “I see. Nice rebuttal.”
Kurisu: “...You’re never getting off your high horse, are you?”
Rintaro: “By the way, Christina, I have always felt that physicists are hypocrites.”
Kurisu: “...What?”
Rintaro: “There are phenomena that everyone knows occur in reality, but which physicists refuse to research. What do you think about that?”
Kurisu: “I don’t know what to say unless you can give me some examples.”
Rintaro: “Ghosts, for instance.”
Kurisu: “The occult? Really?”
Rintaro: “You refuse to research it just because it’s the occult? That contradicts what you just said!”
Rintaro: “’You’ll never reach the truth that way!’”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “People have seen ghosts. There is even photographic evidence.”
Rintaro: “So where are the theories? Why do physicists refuse to speak?”
Kurisu: “...It’s a different field of study.”
Rintaro: “You can’t call physics the study of natural phenomena, then decide some things don’t count!”
Kurisu: “True, but...”
Rintaro: “And that’s why we must investigate the phenomenon of sending emails to the past. You shall assist me!”
Kurisu: “No.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a clear cut answer.
UNSPOKEN: Along with her usual glare.
UNSPOKEN: So the genius girl really does hate me.
Kurisu: “I won’t have a hand in your fringe science. I won’t make the same mistake my father did.”
Rintaro: “Your father?”
Kurisu: “You make a fine argument, but it won’t work in the scientific community.”
Kurisu: “The day you decide to research time travel is the day you’re out of a job.”
Rintaro: “How can you be so certain?”
Kurisu: “Because that’s what happened to my father.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grimaces.
Kurisu: “My father, a physicist, loved time machines. He was so fascinated by Wells’s ’The Time Machine’ that he seriously studied time travel.”
Kurisu: “But because of his obsession, he was practically exiled from the scientific community.”
Kurisu: “I will never get involved with time travel research!”
UNSPOKEN: This time, her sheer force of will gives me pause.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Muhahaha! Don’t worry about it! I wanted to test your character, so I made you angry on purpose!”
Kurisu: “...Huh?”
Kurisu: “...Anyway, the PhoneWave isn’t a time machine.”
Kurisu: “Email is a manmade system, so this phenomenon should be explainable in the scope of that system.”
Rintaro: “I understand. I had no idea you hate time machines that much. It’s almost like an allergy.”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “I apologize for forcing you to become a lab mem. You don’t have to come again.”
Kurisu: “...I wasn’t planning on it.”
Rintaro: “But know this, Christina.”
Kurisu: “Don’t call me Christina.”
Rintaro: “Lab Mem Number 004 will be a retired number. That number... is yours forever.”
UNSPOKEN: I finish my speech and turn my back to Kurisu. I won’t look back.
UNSPOKEN: I walk away slowly with my eyes closed.
UNSPOKEN: It’s kind of hard to walk like this. Hope I don’t bump into anyone.
UNSPOKEN: Wait, am I even walking straight?
Kurisu: “You look ridiculous!”
UNSPOKEN: My shoulder is suddenly pulled from behind.
UNSPOKEN: I brace myself so I don’t fall backwards.
Rintaro: “What are you doing!? You’ve ruined my perfectly-staged exit scene! And you call yourself my assistant!?”
Kurisu: “No, I don’t call myself your assistant! And besides, I still have something to ask you!”
UNSPOKEN: Dammit, her stubbornness has already returned!
Kurisu: “I asked you about this before, but you said I got stabbed, right? I demand an explanation.”
UNSPOKEN: Ah yes, the other real-life phenomenon that has yet to be explained.
Rintaro: “That was just something I hallucinated.”
UNSPOKEN: Let’s just leave it at that for now.
Kurisu: “Why would you dream about me?”
Rintaro: “I don’t know. And it wasn’t a dream. It was a hallucination.”
Kurisu: “You said something about Doctor Nakabachi, didn’t you?”
Rintaro: “Doctor Nakabachi held a time machine presentation at Radi-Kan that day.”
Kurisu: “That presentation was canceled because of the satellite crash.”
Rintaro: “So it seems. But in my hallucination, the presentation proceeded as planned. Mayuri and I went to see it, and you came over to flirt with me.”
Kurisu: “I don’t flirt. Especially not with idiots like you.”
Rintaro: “Like I said, it wasn’t real, okay? No... maybe this world is what isn’t real.”
Rintaro: “That would explain the riddle of the PhoneWave (name subject to change). If this world is some kind of simulation, then we can disregard the laws of physics.”
Kurisu: “Escapism? That’s unexpectedly chicken of you.”
Rintaro: “It’s a hypothesis. Your favorite thing.”
Kurisu: “So who stabbed me? Don’t tell me it was you.”
UNSPOKEN: I recall the sight of Kurisu collapsed in a puddle of blood. It sends shivers down my spine.
UNSPOKEN: Was that really just a hallucination? It was too real.
UNSPOKEN: I can clearly remember the smell of blood.
Rintaro: “You were already dead when I got there. I didn’t see who did it.”
Kurisu: “I don’t get it. Why do I have to die in your mind? You have something against me?”
Rintaro: “Of course not. At that point in time, we had only spoken once. We were just strangers.”
UNSPOKEN: Well, that one time we talked was during the events I imagined. So strictly speaking, at that point in time, all I knew about her was what I’d read in the magazine.
Rintaro: “Anyway, we didn’t know each other. That’s why I ran away instead of calling for an ambulance.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...I’ve heard enough. No more hallucinating about me, okay? Dying isn’t fun, even if it’s in someone else’s head.”
Rintaro: “I can’t make any guarantees. That would require perfect 24-hour surveillance inside my brain.”
Kurisu: “You have a comeback for everything, don’t you.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shakes her head in exasperation, then turns and walks off towards the station.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she wants to end the conversation.
UNSPOKEN: In revenge for last time, I grab Kurisu’s slender shoulder from behind.
Kurisu: “Kyah! What now!?”
Rintaro: “I’m not done talking!”
Kurisu: “You trying to pick a fight?”
Rintaro: “It’s revenge for ruining my farewell scene, Christina! You shall regret your thoughtless actions!”
Kurisu: “Okay, okay, fine. What is it?”
Rintaro: “About the IBN 5100.”
Kurisu: “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Rintaro: “...If you don’t know, then forget about it. Farewell! We will not meet again.”
UNSPOKEN: I turn my back to Kurisu. This time, I’ll make a perfect--
Kurisu: “Hey! Don’t tell me to forget about it!”
UNSPOKEN: She grabs my arm.
UNSPOKEN: Dammit! This is the second time!
Kurisu: “What is the IBN five... whatever?”
Rintaro: “Then IBN 5100. It’s a retro PC from 1975. I’m looking for one.”
Kurisu: “Yeah? What are you going to do with it?”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s interested.
UNSPOKEN: She was the same way when she came to the lab. I guess this girl is just brimming with curiosity.
Rintaro: “Interested?”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly averts her eyes.
UNSPOKEN: But she doesn’t let go of my arm.
Rintaro: “You’re interested, aren’t you?”
Kurisu: “...Just a little.”
Rintaro: “Then I shall answer! The IBN 5100 is the key to unlocking SERN’s most closely guarded secrets.”
Kurisu: “SERN? You mean... the SERN?”
Rintaro: “Indeed. Through the tireless efforts of my faithful lab mems, we have uncovered evidence that SERN is researching time travel.”
UNSPOKEN: Come! Be astonished!
Kurisu: “...Great. I shouldn’t have asked.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a cold glare, then lets go and starts walking away. This time, she’s gone for good.
UNSPOKEN: Damn you!
UNSPOKEN: Just you watch.
UNSPOKEN: I will expose SERN’s secrets if it’s the last thing I do!
UNSPOKEN: The next day, I decide to hit Akiba’s computer parts stores.
UNSPOKEN: I did as much as I could yesterday, after parting with Kurisu, but no luck.
UNSPOKEN: Finding an IBN 5100 is obviously going to be a huge pain in the ass.
Rintaro: “Hmmm...”
UNSPOKEN: I’m standing in the narrow tunnel that runs beside the Radi-Kan building. Small shops selling everything from motherboards to resistors to vacuum tubes line both sides of the tunnel.
UNSPOKEN: Here lie the vestiges of the old Electric Town. Akiba’s conscience, so to speak.
UNSPOKEN: Casual otaku usually avoid stores like these. It’s like a holy land that only true fanatics can enter.
UNSPOKEN: Not that I’m an expert on computer parts.
UNSPOKEN: Furthermore, these shops only sell parts, so it’s actually kind of silly to be searching for a whole PC here. Still, something about the sight of all these electronics gets my blood pumping. 
UNSPOKEN: I have to hide my excitement to maintain my dignity. If a storekeeper yells, “Hey, kid! You’re ten years too young for this stuff!” then I’ll have no choice but to run.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: What? All I can hear is noise. Wrong number?
UNSPOKEN: No, maybe--
Rintaro: “You’re from the Organization, aren’t you? Is this a warning? You telling me to stop getting involved with SERN?”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Hm? It’s a woman’s voice.
UNSPOKEN: And she clearly doesn’t understand what I’m talking about.
Rintaro: “You’re not from the Organization?”
Kurisu: “...No. It’s Makise.”
Rintaro: “Makise...”
UNSPOKEN: Who?
UNSPOKEN: I think I remember this voice from somewhere...
Rintaro: “Sorry, but I don’t remember. Tell me where we met. Paris? Or London, perh--”
Woman Named Makise: “Akihabara. We saw each other yesterday, remember?”
UNSPOKEN: Yesterday?
UNSPOKEN: Makise... Makise...
Rintaro: “Oh! My assistant!”
Kurisu: “Not your assistant! Makise Kurisu!”
Rintaro: “If you don’t say Christina, then I have no way of knowing it’s you.”
Kurisu: “I’m not Christina either! How many times do I have to tell you?”
Rintaro: “You never stop complaining, do you?”
Kurisu: “Whose fault is that? Whose?”
Rintaro: “Wait a minute. How do you know my phone number?”
UNSPOKEN: Something’s not right here. It’s not like Kurisu’s free of suspicion. She could still be a spy.
Kurisu: “Hashida-san told me.”
Rintaro: “Oh, that’s boring. So, what is it, assistant?”
Kurisu: “I said I’m not your assistant.”
Kurisu: “Haah, what’s the point... Where are you now?”
Rintaro: “I’m headed to Yanabayashi Shrine.”
Kurisu: “Ah, okay. Bye then.”
Rintaro: “...”
Rintaro: “Huh? What!? What was that!? Is she messing with me!? She’s messing with me!”
UNSPOKEN: How dare my assistant treat me like this!?
UNSPOKEN: I shall scold her most harshly the next time we meet.
UNSPOKEN: She thinks she’s all that just because she was published in a major journal.
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “Your accomplishments mean nothing to me.”
Kurisu: “What are you talking about?”
UNSPOKEN: When I arrive at Yanabayashi Shrine, I find my assistant waiting there for some reason.
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me with her usual frown.
Rintaro: “What was that phone call about?”
Kurisu: “I just wanted to ask you where you were. And since you said you were coming here, I came.”
Rintaro: “Nobody asked you to come.”
Kurisu: “And yet, here I am.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Why is she always in such a bad mood?
Rintaro: “Why did you come to see me?”
Kurisu: “Not because I wanted to or anything. Don’t get me wrong.”
UNSPOKEN: She just keeps those abusive words coming.
Kurisu: “...I can’t stop thinking about what you said yesterday.”
Rintaro: “What I said?”
Kurisu: “About the IBN 5100. And SERN.”
Rintaro: “Of course! You’re working for SERN, not the Organization! You’re here to kill me, aren’t you!? That’s what I thought! You have the face of a killer!”
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with my face? How rude!”
Kurisu: “Can you calm down a bit? You’re always screwing around. I can’t believe you’re older than me.”
Rintaro: “Calm down? Hmph! You don’t understand what it’s like to live on the run, never knowing when the next assassin will strike.”
Kurisu: “All I’m hearing is gibberish.”
Rintaro: “You come here to pick a fight?”
Kurisu: “I just want to know how the IBN 5100 and SERN are related.”
Rintaro: “Don’t you mean you’re interested in SERN’s time machine research? Be honest with yourself.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: That’s why I’m here.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at Yanabayashi Shrine’s small archway.
Kurisu: “A shrine?”
Rintaro: “Correct.”
UNSPOKEN: Then, with perfect timing, a beautiful girl -- er, boy -- dressed in miko garb appears from the nearby shrine office, holding a bamboo broom.
Luka: “Ah, Oka... Kyouma-san, hello.”
Rintaro: “...Lukako, why don’t you have it?”
Luka: “Huh? Um, are you talking about Demon Sword Samidare?”
Rintaro: “I thought I told you to carry it at all times!”
Luka: “I’m sorry, but, it gets in the way when I’m cleaning, so...”
Rintaro: “What if they attack while you’re cleaning? Nobody’s going to come to your rescue, you know.”
Luka: “Th-that’s true... I’ll be more careful from now on.”
Kurisu: “Hey. What are you two talking about?”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako finally notices Kurisu and gives me a puzzled look.
Luka: “Um... who might this be?”
Rintaro: “My assistant.”
Kurisu: “No! What kind of introduction is that!?”
Rintaro: “I’m only telling the truth, Christina.”
Luka: “You’re n-not Japanese?”
Kurisu: “I am Japanese.”
Rintaro: “Anyway, Lukako. I need to talk to your father about--”
Kurisu: “Wait! Introduce me properly!”
Rintaro: “You want to be introduced? Properly?”
Kurisu: “It’s unnatural not to be introduced in this situation!”
Rintaro: “I didn’t come here to introduce you to Lukako!”
Kurisu: “An introduction wouldn’t take more than ten seconds! What’s wrong with you?”
Luka: “Um... please don’t fight...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s flustered. Looks like he thinks we’re fighting.
Rintaro: “This is Makise Kurisu. My assistant.”
Kurisu: “Yeah, whatever. Assistant, whatever... sigh.”
Luka: “Nice to meet you, Makise-san. I’m Urushibara L-Luka.”
Kurisu: “Nice to meet you too. How old are you?”
Luka: “17 this year.”
Kurisu: “A year younger than me...”
Luka: “Oh, really? Makise-san, you’re so grown up, I can’t believe we’re only a year apart.”
Rintaro: “That means you look old.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me.
Luka: “No, that’s not what I... um, I mean you’re very beautiful!”
Kurisu: “Thanks. I think you’re very cute.”
UNSPOKEN: But he’s a guy. I probably shouldn’t tell her that.
UNSPOKEN: The shock from learning the truth might be enough to make her go back to America.
Rintaro: “You’re introduced. Happy? Can we move on now?”
Kurisu: “You are such a jerk.”
Rintaro: “Anyway, Lukako, I require an audience with your father. Can you make it happen?”
Luka: ”Yes, sure, but why do you need to talk to my dad?
Rintaro: “It’s a grave matter that concerns the future of mankind.”
Luka: “The future...”
Kurisu: “Of mankind?”
Luka: “I’ll go get him!”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako races into the shrine office.
UNSPOKEN: He believes just about everything I say.
UNSPOKEN: He’s really easy to deal with, unlike my rebellious assistant.
Kurisu: “Achoo!”
Kurisu: “Oh no, did I catch a cold?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s sniffling should keep her too occupied to scold me for awhile.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s father soon appears.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is pretty flustered. He’s practically dragging his father behind him.
Luka: “Hurry, Dad! Hurry!”
Luka’s Father: “Slow down a little. If you rush me, I’m going to fall.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...His name isn’t Hououin. It’s Okabe.”
Luka’s Father: “Oh. Really?”
Rintaro: “You there, assistant! Stop making things complicated!”
Kurisu: “I’m just telling the truth.”
UNSPOKEN: Tch, what did she come here for?
Luka’s Father: “Luka told me his name was Hououin. Hmm, maybe Luka was just playing a trick on me. Hahaha.”
Luka: “Th-that’s not it, Dad. Okabe-san is his real name, and Hououin is, umm...”
Rintaro: “I am Hououin.”
Kurisu: “Okabe Rintaro is the name your parents gave you, right? Are you denying that?”
Rintaro: “Just be quiet, Zombie!”
Kurisu: “Who’s a zombie!?”
Luka’s Father: “Hahaha. It’s great that you all get along.”
UNSPOKEN: Luka’s dad looks at Kurisu.
Luka’s Father: “Are you one of Luka’s friends too? Please get along with Luka from now on too.”
Kurisu: “Um, I’m...”
Luka’s Father: “As you can see, this child of mine is so delicate.”
Luka: “C-come on, Dad...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks like she’s going to cry for some reason.
UNSPOKEN: What’s wrong? Is she upset that Luka’s father assumes she’s a friend?
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu notices my stare and quickly turns away.
Luka’s Father: “So, Hououin-kun. Did you need me for something?”
UNSPOKEN: That’s right. This is no time for idle chatter.
UNSPOKEN: This meeting will shape the course of Ragnarok!
UNSPOKEN: The future of mankind is, well, whatever.
UNSPOKEN: I’m a mad scientist, not some sort of hero.
UNSPOKEN: I explain to Lukako’s father how I need the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: And then I ask him if that retro PC was donated to Yanabayashi Shrine.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, I don’t disclose any classified information, like how we plan to hack SERN or how this is all related to time machine research.
Luka’s Father: “I don’t know if ’donated’ is the right word to use...”
Luka’s Father: “But an old computer was entrusted to this shrine about nine years ago.”
Rintaro: “Eh...”
UNSPOKEN: No way. Really?
Rintaro: “That’s it! That has to be it!”
Luka’s Father: “Please wait here. I’ll go get it.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What, something wrong with that? I spend all my time doing research.”
Rintaro: “You’re wasting your youth.”
Kurisu: “I thought so too, until I met you. Now I realize I’m doing just fine.”
UNSPOKEN: ...Touche.
Luka: “Umm, no fighting please...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s flustered again.
Rintaro: “You’re a lifesaver, Lukako. Thank your father again for me.”
UNSPOKEN: Luka’s dad has already returned to the shrine office.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nods.
Kurisu: “Your father is a lovely man.”
Luka: “Eh...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako and I freeze at my assistant’s nonchalant words.
Luka: “M-my father is m-married... a-ad-adultery... is bad!”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
Rintaro: “I see, assistant. So you like older men.”
Kurisu: “Hey, wait! Don’t misunderstand, you two. That’s not what I meant!”
Luka: “I-I won’t give up my father...”
Kurisu: “P-please don’t cry...”
Kurisu: “I just meant I was jealous of how well you get along with your father. That’s all.”
Luka: “Eh, ah, of course... I’m sorry for the weird misunderstanding! That was so rude of me!”
Kurisu: “Don’t cry. We’ve resolved the misunderstanding, so it’s all okay.”
Rintaro: “...but in the depths of your heart lie feelings for Luka’s dad.”
Kurisu: “Die.”
UNSPOKEN: Christina turns away.
UNSPOKEN: I decide to leave it at that. Angering her any further could lead to violence.
Rintaro: “Lukako, don’t forget your practice swings with Samidare.”
Luka: “Y-yes sir. I’ll do my best... Umm, El Psy Kongalee...”
Rintaro: “It’s Kongroo! Don’t forget it.”
Luka: “I’m sorry!”
Kurisu: “Hey! What kind of lowlife teases a girl?”
UNSPOKEN: I wouldn’t know.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is a guy.
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Christina and lift up the box with the IBN 5100 inside.
Rintaro: “Hng! ...Gah, it’s heavy!”
UNSPOKEN: I can barely get it off the ground.
UNSPOKEN: I put it down for now.
UNSPOKEN: Now I know why Luka’s dad was red in the face when he brought this thing in.
Luka: “Is it that heavy?”
Kurisu: “Pathetic. It’s only as big as a CRT monitor.”
Rintaro: “Then why don’t you try carrying it? Then you’ll understand.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, grabs both ends of the cardboard box, and lifts.
Kurisu: “Wheugh...!”
UNSPOKEN: She strains with all her might, but gives up without lifting it even a centimeter.
Kurisu: “...It’s r-really heavy.”
UNSPOKEN: She blushes slightly, but still maintains her usual frown.
UNSPOKEN: My assistant seems to have a strong competitive spirit.
Kurisu: “This thing’s gotta weigh like 30 kilos.”
Kurisu: “Maybe we should’ve borrowed a push cart. Urushibara-san, is there one in the shrine?”
Luka: “Umm, there is one, but actually, it’s broken... I’m sorry.”
Kurisu: “Oh. Is there some other place we could borrow--”
Rintaro: “No, we don’t need a push cart.”
Kurisu: “Then how are you going to bring it back? It takes about ten minutes to walk to your run-down lab from here.”
Rintaro: “It may be too heavy for one person, but it’s a different story for two. You and I just need to carry it together. Why else do you think I made you my assistant?”
Kurisu: “So that’s why...”
Kurisu: “Well, if we carry it together, we might be able to manage, but...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: ”I... I said ’no!’”
Rintaro: “I’m pretty sure you said ’but I refuse.’”
Kurisu: “Sh-shut up. I said no.”
UNSPOKEN: “But I refuse” is a famous manga quote. Could Kurisu be an @channeler?
Kurisu: “The whole reason you made me a lab mem was to ’borrow my knowledge’. From this, it is elementary to derive the following: ’I won’t do physical labor.’”
Rintaro: “I see. Then I guess I have no choice. I’ll do my best to carry it, but...”
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Lukako.
UNSPOKEN: He twitches when he notices my look, then timidly raises his hand with tears in his eyes.
Luka: “Um, th-then, I will...”
Kurisu: “Eh? You’re going to help? Will you be okay?”
Luka: “Yes, I’ll d-do my best.”
Rintaro: “No, Lukako. I shouldn’t make you help me. I can manage by myself.”
Luka: “But... we’re friends, Okabe-san. I want to help you.”
Rintaro: “No, I’ll do it myself.”
Luka: “I-I’ll help you!”
Kurisu: “Th-then, umm... me too...”
Rintaro: “Please, go ahead.”
Kurisu: “Eh? Wha!?”
Rintaro: “Muhahaha! Don’t you know, Christina? This is what you call a Japanese Gag!”
Kurisu: “You sneaky...”
Rintaro: “Thanks for the backup, Lukako! Now that that’s settled, my assistant will help me carry the computer, so you don’t have to help. Thanks for the offer.”
Luka: “Ah, okay... if that’s how it is, then...”
Rintaro: “Now, assistant! Since you volunteered, I won’t let you refuse. Grab hold and heave!”
Kurisu: “...Fine.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I lift up the cardboard box.
UNSPOKEN: The burden’s considerably easier when distributed between two people.
Kurisu: “Why do we have to be face to face?”
UNSPOKEN: We’re positioned so that we’re looking at each other.
UNSPOKEN: But there’s no other way to hold it, so what can you do?
Rintaro: “Let’s just go.”
UNSPOKEN: I start to walk out of the shrine.
Kurisu: “Hey! Stop stop stop! I said stop!”
Rintaro: “You’re a noisy one.”
Kurisu: “Don’t walk forwards. Then I have to walk backwards. Let’s walk sideways.”
Rintaro: “Whatever. Get moving, assistant.”
Kurisu: “Hey, listen, please, just listen! I can’t walk backwards!”
Rintaro: “Of course you can. You’re my assistant.”
Kurisu: “I appreciate the vote of confidence, but I can’t! I’m asking you to go sideways! No, I’m telling you to go sideways! Sideways! I’m going to fall!”
UNSPOKEN: It’s dark by the time we get to the lab.
UNSPOKEN: It’s normally less than a fifteen minute walk, but since Kurisu kept begging to take breaks, it ended up taking twice as long.
Kurisu: “Haah, we finally made it... I’m exhausted...”
Rintaro: “If you didn’t complain so much about every little thing, we would’ve gotten here sooner.”
Kurisu: “Right back at you. You stopped to take a break at least five times along the way.”
Rintaro: “...”
Rintaro: “That’s because I wasn’t feeling well...”
Kurisu: “Are you okay?”
Rintaro: “It’s just... occasionally, my right arm aches... and when it does, dark destructive impulses overcome my soul--”
Kurisu: “Shut up, or I’ll tear the peripheral nerves out of that arm.”
UNSPOKEN: Holy crap. There’s something wrong with this girl!
UNSPOKEN: Rip out my nerves? That’s like something from last year’s New-Gen Incidents!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “You’re right.”
UNSPOKEN: I check the window. The lab’s lights are on.
Suzuha: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior comes out of the Braun Tube Workshop with perfect timing.
Suzuha: “If it isn’t Okabe Rintaro. What’cha got there?”
Rintaro: “Hmph, you want to know? Then I’ll tell you!”
Kurisu: “Wait! If you’re just going to stand and talk, shouldn’t we put the box down first?”
Rintaro: “Y-yeah... actually, wait, this will only take a second.”
Suzuha: “Well? What is it?”
Rintaro: “What if I told you... it’s an IBN 5100?”
Suzuha: “No way! You found it!? Wow! Way to go, Okabe Rintaro!”
UNSPOKEN: I wish she’d stop calling me by my full name.
UNSPOKEN: If she’s going to do that, she should at least call me Hououin Kyouma.
Suzuha: “Where was it?”
Kurisu: “Ugh, it’s heavy...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts giving in.
UNSPOKEN: I’m about at my limit too.
Rintaro: “Let’s put it down!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and I place it on the ground gently, so as to not damage the contents.
Kurisu: “Haah...”
Suzuha: “So, where was it?”
Rintaro: “Yanabayashi Shrine.”
Suzuha: “Yanabayashi Shrine? You mean like a Shinto shrine?”
Rintaro: “Yeah.”
Suzuha: “Why was it there...”
UNSPOKEN: Then, suddenly, Suzuha looks at Kurisu.
Suzuha: “Ah...!”
UNSPOKEN: She gasps, then approaches Kurisu until they’re close enough to feel each other’s breath.
Kurisu: “Y-yes?”
Suzuha: “Makise Kurisu?”
Kurisu: “Yes...?”
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, she stares at Kurisu with frightful intensity.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu narrows her eyes in opposition.
UNSPOKEN: Wh-what’s going on here? I can’t move a muscle, the air’s so thick with tension.
Kurisu: “What is it? Have I done something wrong?”
Suzuha: “...Hmph.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha turns away, and without looking back, disappears into the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: “Who was that?”
UNSPOKEN: Now Kurisu demands answers from me.
Rintaro: “She works part-time at that store.”
Kurisu: “Why was she glaring at me?”
Rintaro: “How should I know? Did you do something to make her angry?”
Kurisu: “I’ve never seen her before in my life. How rude.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu picked a fight with me the first time we met too. But that was a hallucination, so I don’t say anything.
UNSPOKEN: I get Daru and Mayuri to come down and help us, and the four of us carry the IBN 5100 upstairs.
Rintaro: “Good work, everyone. With this, we can fight.”
Kurisu: “Who are you fighting?”
Rintaro: “SERN, and the system that rules the world.”
Kurisu: “If that’s what makes you happy...”
Rintaro: “Happy? I do not desire happiness. Have you forgotten? I am an insane mad scientist!”
Rintaro: “What I desire is chaos. The time machine exists to bring chaos to the world. MUHAHAHAHA!”
Kurisu: “Never mind happiness. You’re like a junkie hypersecreting beta endorphins.”
Mayuri: “Okarin? I don’t want you doing bad things, remember?”
Itaru: “But wow! I can’t believe you found one. You make the impossible look easy! That’s why we love you! That’s why we ad--”
Kurisu: “I certainly don’t admire him.”
Itaru: “...Eh?”
Rintaro: “Eh?”
Kurisu: “Eh...?”
UNSPOKEN: For a moment, there is complete silence.
Mayuri: “It’s all thanks to Mayushii!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, oblivious as always, puffs out her chest with pride.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Thanks. But I’m going to stay here a little longer.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu’s interested in the IBN 5100 and SERN after all.
UNSPOKEN: That reminds me. I haven’t filled her in yet.
Mayuri: “Okay. But you should go home before it gets too late.”
Mayuri: ”See you tomorrow! Tutturu♪”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waves her hand as she leaves.
Rintaro: “Now then, Daru. When do you think we can use the IBN 5100 to hack SERN?”
Itaru: “Hmm... well...”
UNSPOKEN: Daru talks as he plugs the IBN 5100’s power adapter into the wall.
UNSPOKEN: He turns the machine on, and the power supply begins to make a turbulent noise.
Itaru: “Wow, it actually turned on.”
Itaru: “First I need to learn how to use this thing. It looks like hooking it up is gonna be a pain.”
Itaru: “It might take a while. I can’t play with this thing and search for the server admin’s ID at the same time.”
Rintaro: “Alright. Prioritize the ID search.”
Rintaro: “If possible, I’d like you to get the IBN 5100 ready to use this month, though.”
Itaru: “There’s still 30 days left this month. It’s not gonna take that long.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You’re so annoying! What is it!?”
Rintaro: “Huh, I summoned an assistant. What are you doing here?”
Kurisu: “Who’re you calling an assistant? You wouldn’t pick up your phone, so I’ve been waiting here an hour for you.”
UNSPOKEN: My phone? That reminds me. Before I went to Yanabayashi Shrine, I got a call from an unknown number.
UNSPOKEN: So that was her?
Mayuri: “Hi, Okarin! Huh? Luka-kun’s with you!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri appears behind my assistant.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako waves to Mayuri. At the same time, the door to the Braun Tube Workshop opens.
Suzuha: “Hey, Okabe Rintaro. The boss says to quiet down. You’re disturbing the neighbors.”
UNSPOKEN: Part-Time Warrior appears.
UNSPOKEN: Well, that’s plenty of help.
UNSPOKEN: It’s disappointing that they’re all girls, but I’ll compromise for quantity over quality.
Rintaro: “Assemble, servants! We have a mission of the utmost secrecy! Come!”
UNSPOKEN: Obeying my command, Mayuri, my assistant, and Part-Time Warrior all walk over to me.
Mayuri: “What’s this?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri peeks inside the cardboard box with great interest.
Suzuha: “Wait... you got one?”
Rintaro: “Indeed I did.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What’s this? What’re you talking about?”
Luka: “Um, the IBN... two thousand... five thousand... what was it?”
Rintaro: “I got an IBN 5100.”
Kurisu: “Oh, that thing you were talking about yesterday.”
Suzuha: “Ah...!”
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Suzuha gasps when she sees my assistant.
UNSPOKEN: And then, she approaches until they’re close enough to feel each other’s breath.
Kurisu: “Y-yes?”
Suzuha: “Makise Kurisu?”
Kurisu: “Yes...?”
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, she stares at Kurisu with frightful intensity.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu narrows her eyes and meets Suzuha’s stare.
UNSPOKEN: Wh-what’s going on here? I can’t move a muscle, the air’s so thick with tension.
Kurisu: “What is it? Have I done something to you?”
Suzuha: “...Hmph.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha turns away, and without looking back, disappears into the Braun Tube Workshop.
Kurisu: “Who was that?”
Mayuri: “Oh, she works part-time at the Braun Tube Workshop. Her name’s Suzu-san!”
Rintaro: “I know.”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know about the Suzu-san part, though.
Mayuri: “You do?”
Kurisu: “Why was she glaring at me like that?”
Rintaro: “How should I know? Did you do something to make her angry?”
Kurisu: “I’ve never seen her before in my life. How rude.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu picked a fight with me the first time we met too. But that was a hallucination, so I don’t say anything.
Rintaro: “Anyway, help me out here. We’re taking this thing into the lab.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha’s departure decreases the number of helpers, but the four of us should be enough.
UNSPOKEN: By the time we wrestle the IBN 5100 into the lab, every one of us is out of breath. Daru’s at his computer eating potato chips.
Rintaro: “Hey! Why didn’t you help!?”
Itaru: “Well, you didn’t call me.”
Rintaro: “I said all members assemble, didn’t I!?”
UNSPOKEN: Since Daru didn’t come, the three girls -- err, two girls and one crossdressing boy -- are all worn out.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako are clearly not cut out for physical labor, and Kurisu did nothing but complain.
Kurisu: “Haah, haah... why do I... have to...”
Mayuri: “So tired...”
Luka: “I can’t walk any more...”
Rintaro: “Good work, you three.”
UNSPOKEN: I pick three bananas from the bunch on the table and distribute them among the three worn-out girls.
Rintaro: “This is my thanks for helping. Eat up.”
Luka: “Thank you! I’m so happy!”
Mayuri: “But those are Mayushii’s bananas...”
Rintaro: “That reminds me, Mayuri. It’s thanks to you that I got this IBN 5100. If it weren’t for your information, it would’ve taken forever to find it.”
Mayuri: “Ehehe! Really? I’m glad I was useful.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri happily takes a bite of her banana.
Kurisu: “What are you going to use the IBN 5100 for? Yesterday you said something about SERN.”
Rintaro: “You interested, Christina?”
Kurisu: “I’m not Christina, and I’m not interested. If you don’t want to tell me, then I don’t really care.”
UNSPOKEN: But to me, it looks like she’s dying to know.
UNSPOKEN: It’s evident by the way she keeps glancing at the cardboard box.
Rintaro: “This artifact is needed for the war against SERN.”
Kurisu: “War? SERN’s a research institution.”
Rintaro: “Ostensibly, yes.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You can’t be serious. Tell me what you’re trying to do.”
UNSPOKEN: You know, she’s really pompous for an assistant.
Rintaro: “We’ll have plenty of time to talk about that later. More importantly, Daru, when do you think we can use the IBN 5100 to hack SERN?”
Itaru: “Hmm... well...”
UNSPOKEN: Daru talks as he plugs the IBN 5100’s power adapter into the wall.
UNSPOKEN: He turns the machine on, and the power supply begins to make a turbulent noise.
Itaru: “Wow, it actually turned on.”
Itaru: “First I need to learn how to use this thing. It looks like hooking it up is gonna be a pain.”
Itaru: “It might take a while. I can’t play with this thing and search for the server admin’s ID at the same time.”
Rintaro: “Alright. Prioritize the ID search.”
Rintaro: “If possible, I’d like you to get the IBN 5100 ready to use this month, though.”
Itaru: “There’s still 30 days left this month. It’s not gonna take that long.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s my super hacka.
Mayuri: “We’re gonna take off now, okay?”
Luka: “Um, pardon the intrusion.”
UNSPOKEN: The two of them finish their bananas and get ready to leave.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Well, what?”
Kurisu: “I’m asking for an explanation. What’s this about the IBN 5100 and SERN?”
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe.”
Rintaro: “...What?”
UNSPOKEN: I look up. Kurisu is glaring at me.
Rintaro: “What did you just call me?”
Kurisu: “I called you O-Okabe.”
Rintaro: “You called me Okabe?”
UNSPOKEN: I take one step towards Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: And she takes a step back.
Itaru: “Time out, time out!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru tries to hold me back, but I shake him off and take a step closer.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t step back this time. Without taking her eyes off me, she bites her lip hard and curls her hands into fists.
Rintaro: “Did you just call me Okabe?”
Kurisu: “...I did. Problem?”
Kurisu: “Yes, I’m younger than you, but you insist on calling me by ridiculous names like Christina and Zombie, so I don’t think I need to show you any respect by adding ’-san’, and besides--”
Rintaro: “That’s not the problem!”
Kurisu: “!!”
Rintaro: “I am not Okabe! I am HOUOUIN KYOUMA! How many times do I have to tell you, Christina!?”
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “...God, you’re so full of yourself.”
Rintaro: “From now on, call me Hououin. That or Kyouma.”
Kurisu: “No.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu snaps at me and turns away.
UNSPOKEN: Are those tears I see in her eyes?
Rintaro: “Are you... crying?”
Kurisu: “I’m not crying! It’s not like I was scared of you for a second there or anything, and I definitely wasn’t relieved when you started talking like an idiot again, okay!?”
UNSPOKEN: She stalks over to the window and stares outside.
UNSPOKEN: I see her wipe her eyes with the back of her hand. Seems she was crying after all.
Rintaro: “Daru, why is my assistant crying?”
Itaru: “Uh, she said so herself just now.”
Rintaro: “All I did was correct her on my name.”
Itaru: “Maybe she only acts strong but is actually weak on the inside. That would be pretty moe.”
UNSPOKEN: Well, whatever. Back to checking mail.
UNSPOKEN: But I’m thirsty from this hard day’s work. So before that, I take a fresh Dr P out of the fridge.
Kurisu: “Hey, aren’t you going to tell me what’s going on?”
UNSPOKEN: I toss the bottle to Kurisu once she turns around.
Kurisu: “Kya!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu tries to catch it, but fails magnificently.
UNSPOKEN: She picks the bottle up off the floor, then shoots me a glare.
Rintaro: “I’ll explain in a second. Drink that while you wait.”
Kurisu: “...Gee, thanks.”
UNSPOKEN: I need to send a reply to Shining Finger.
UNSPOKEN: She ended up being no help at all, but I suppose I can’t just say nothing.
UNSPOKEN: “I got the goods. Over.”
UNSPOKEN: I send as concise a message as possible.
Rintaro: “Now then...”
UNSPOKEN: I turn back to Kurisu, but the reply comes before I can open my mouth.
UNSPOKEN: Turnaround in less than five seconds. She must have her phone in hand 24/7. That’s the only possible explanation.
UNSPOKEN: “Gimme”? What nonsense is this?
UNSPOKEN: “Sorry, but I’m not the owner. I can’t just give it to you.”
UNSPOKEN: I send that.
UNSPOKEN: Another instant reply.
UNSPOKEN: Guh...
UNSPOKEN: It’s easy to imagine what will happen if I lend it to her.
UNSPOKEN: She’ll disappear, and I’ll never see the IBN 5100 again.
UNSPOKEN: “No borrowing either. You can come over to our lab if you want to see it, but no touching.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I’ve lived seven years at its birthplace, after all.”
Rintaro: “Excellent. We’ll make great drinking buddies.”
Kurisu: “I’m a minor.”
Rintaro: “That’s not what I meant. I meant Dr P drinking buddies.”
Kurisu: “Is that all you drink?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and takes another swig, signaling me to talk.
UNSPOKEN: And so, I explain how Daru and I hacked into SERN.
UNSPOKEN: And how they’ve already had the LHC in operation for nine years.
UNSPOKEN: And how they’ve successfully created mini black holes.
UNSPOKEN: And how it looks like they’re researching time travel.
UNSPOKEN: And also how they haven’t disclosed any of that to the world.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s expression grows more and more intense as she listens to the story.
Kurisu: “SERN certainly is acting strange... but how’s the IBN 5100 involved?”
Rintaro: “SERN’s database uses an IBN 5100.”
Kurisu: “So?”
Rintaro: “Allow me to explain. My trusted Super Hacka, Mister Daru--”
Itaru: “It’s not super hacka. How many times do I have to tell you?”
Rintaro: “Super Hacker Mister Daru, has hacked into SERN.”
Kurisu: “Is that okay? Won’t they catch you?”
Itaru: “I wouldn’t make a blunder like that.”
Kurisu: “That’s not what I meant.”
Rintaro: “As a result, we found evidence that those bastards are researching time travel with the LHC.”
Kurisu: “The LHC?”
Itaru: “Seriously. We have the evidence. And guess what? The LHC has been in operation for nine years.”
Kurisu: “What? Really!?”
Rintaro: “And they’ve successfully generated mini black holes.”
Kurisu: “No way... Then why haven’t they made an official announcement!?”
Rintaro: “That’s just it. For some reason, those bastards won’t announce any of it.”
Rintaro: “That the LHC has been operating for nine years. That they’ve successfully created mini black holes. That they’re researching time travel.”
Rintaro: “Basically, it’s proof that SERN has--”
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. Another email.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll start over.
Rintaro: “Basically, it’s proof that SERN has something to hide. Can’t you just smell the conspiracy?”
Kurisu: “I don’t believe in conspiracies, but...”
Kurisu: “If you can prove what you said is real, then I might be surprised. SERN doing time travel research...”
Kurisu: “Ah, but what about the IBN 5100? How is that involved?”
Rintaro: “SERN’s database uses--”
UNSPOKEN: Another email.
UNSPOKEN: There’s only one person who can send them this fast.
UNSPOKEN: That mail demon! Didn’t I tell her to give it a rest!?
Rintaro: “Sorry. Daru, please continue the explanation.”
UNSPOKEN: I excuse myself and open the email.
UNSPOKEN: It’s a reply to my earlier email.
UNSPOKEN: She’s so impatient.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is glaring at me.
UNSPOKEN: Better make the reply brief.
UNSPOKEN: “I got an IBN 5100. I can’t lend it to you, but if you want to see it, you can come to our lab.”
UNSPOKEN: I send the email after adding the lab’s address, and close my phone.
Rintaro: “So, how far did you get?”
Itaru: “Up to the point where SERN’s using IBN 5100 code for their database.”
Rintaro: “So basically, what that means is--”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “I have my sources.”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t drop Titor’s name. I have no doubt this genius girl would laugh if I did.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts a finger to her lip, deep in thought.
Kurisu: “Setting the IBN 5100 and such aside...”
Kurisu: “I want to see proof that SERN’s really doing that sort of research.”
UNSPOKEN: True, we didn’t get any definite proof of SERN’s time travel research last time we hacked them.
Rintaro: “Daru. Will it take much longer to find the server admin’s account?”
Itaru: “Actually, I was just thinking about doing that. It shouldn’t take more than half a day, I guess.”
Rintaro: “There you go.”
Kurisu: “...I’ll wait until then.”
Itaru: “You’ll wait? It’s already getting dark. Why not go home for tonight and come back tomorrow morning?”
Kurisu: “No thanks. I’ll wait. I want to know as soon as possible, even if it’s just a microsecond sooner.”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh, that’s the spirit. You’re already fascinated by the conspiracy. You can’t help but want to know what lies at the heart of SERN.”
Kurisu: “If what you guys are saying is true... then this isn’t something to joke about.”
Kurisu: “SERN is the world’s top research institution. If they’re doing secret experiments without publishing their results...”
Kurisu: “They’re making fools of scientists the world over.”
Kurisu: “That’s only if it’s true, though.”
UNSPOKEN: She finishes by emphasizing that point again.
UNSPOKEN: Doesn’t look like she believes us.
Rintaro: “Anyway, Daru. I’ll leave it to you.”
UNSPOKEN: According to Daru’s research, the IBN 5100 weighs 25 kilos. For now, we’ll leave it on the shelf in the development room.
UNSPOKEN: We carry the cardboard box to the room, half dragging it.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu follows.
Kurisu: “Can you show me the PhoneWave?”
Rintaro: “Indeed I can. Want to experiment?”
Kurisu: “You haven’t been able to send another email to the past yet, right?”
Kurisu: “Do you know why?”
UNSPOKEN: I can only shake my head.
Kurisu: “Let’s run some tests.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks around the development room.
Kurisu: ”Man. You have a ton of junk.”
Rintaro: “It’s not junk!”
Rintaro: “Since you’re new to the Future Gadget Laboratory, I’ll explain. These are the glorious fruits of our science: the Future Gadgets!”
Rintaro: “Future Gadgets 1-7 are stored here. The PhoneWave, with which you are already familiar, is Gadget Number 8.”
Kurisu: “Future Gadgets, huh...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu casually picks Future Gadget 4: Moad Snake up from the shelf and stares at it.
Kurisu: “Hey. Isn’t this... a weapon?”
Rintaro: “Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake, designed after a claymore landmine, is an instant humidifier.”
Kurisu: “How confusing.”
Rintaro: “Insert water and turn the power on, and in mere seconds, it generates a thick cloud of steam.”
Kurisu: “So it’s junk. I thought so.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and returns Moad Snake to the shelf.
Kurisu: “I’m borrowing this.”
UNSPOKEN: Without waiting for a reply, she grabs Daru’s never-worn lab coat from the shelf and puts it on gallantly.
Rintaro: “Whoa!”
Kurisu: “It’s just not right without a lab coat.”
UNSPOKEN: Overcome with emotion, I seize Kurisu’s hand and grasp it firmly.
Kurisu: “Hey!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “If you’re gonna do science, you need a lab coat! Right!?”
UNSPOKEN: I told Daru over and over, but he wouldn’t wear one.
UNSPOKEN: But my assistant is different. She put it on before I even said anything!
Rintaro: “I knew you were meant for this, Christina! You’re the best assistant a mad scientist could ask for!”
Kurisu: “I don’t know if that’s supposed to be a compliment, but it’s coming off as an insult. Now let go!”
UNSPOKEN: She shakes off my hand and turns her back to me.
Rintaro: “I’m giving you that lab coat to commemorate your joining the lab. Don’t worry. It’s never been worn.”
Rintaro: “Or maybe this fateful encounter between you and that lab coat was decided by destiny long ago. Daru not wearing it was just another inevitability. This is the choice of Steins--”
Kurisu: “Shut up so we can start the experiment.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts both hands into her lab coat’s pockets, then bends down to look at the time machine now placed underneath the table.
UNSPOKEN: The previous experiment broke the table and even left a hole in the floor.
UNSPOKEN: There’s a danger that will happen again if we successfully reproduce the discharge phenomenon, so unfortunately, we’ll have to leave it on the floor for now.
Kurisu: “...So you haven’t tampered with the microwave at all?”
UNSPOKEN: I point to the X68000. There’s code on the screen.
Rintaro: “It’s in terminal mode now. We can change the factory settings like this, make the microwave do things its manufacturer never intended.”
Kurisu: “How was it set when the discharge phenomenon occurred?”
Rintaro: “Nothing out of the ordinary. It was at factory settings.”
Kurisu: “Hmm.”
Kurisu: “I’ll take a banana.”
UNSPOKEN: The bunch of bananas only has three bananas left.
Rintaro: “Those are Mayuri’s.”
Kurisu: “Oh, so I don’t need your permission, then. I’ll go buy new bananas tomorrow.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu takes one banana from the bunch, squats down, and places it inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). She begins to type on her phone.
UNSPOKEN: She pushes send, and the PhoneWave (name subject to change) begins to turn backwards.
UNSPOKEN: After 120 seconds, the chime rings.
Kurisu: “...Nothing happened.”
UNSPOKEN: The banana’s still in the microwave, un-gelified.
Kurisu: “Ow!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu yelps as she tries to take out the banana, and quickly draws back her hand.
UNSPOKEN: She starts blowing on her fingers.
Kurisu: “It’s hot.”
Rintaro: “Meaning the microwave functioned normally.”
UNSPOKEN: This proves that the hidden function Mayuri found wasn’t a “freezing function.” But we knew that already.
UNSPOKEN: Undaunted, Kurisu throws in a new banana, and once again begins reverse rotation for 120 seconds.
UNSPOKEN: But the second banana warms up too.
UNSPOKEN: We can’t reproduce the gelification phenomenon, much less send mail to the past.
Rintaro: “What does this mean...”
Kurisu: “I guess what happened earlier was an irregularity after all.”
Rintaro: “I don’t know if it’s an irregularity or not, but we ought to investigate the cause.”
Kurisu: “I agree.”
UNSPOKEN: We agree for once.
UNSPOKEN: But Kurisu’s motives and my motives are probably the exact opposite.
UNSPOKEN: My assistant here wants to disprove my theory that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is, in fact, a time machine.
Rintaro: “In the previous experiment...”
Rintaro: “After spending 120 seconds in the PhoneWave (name subject to change), the banana teleported back to the bunch gelified. We should consider that it returned to its state 120 seconds before.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “That logic is dubious. Sure it ended up frozen, but did you examine the possibility that it might have gelified first?”
UNSPOKEN: No... I didn’t.
UNSPOKEN: I think Mayuri ate the refrozen chicken.
Rintaro: “Salt didn’t gelify.”
Kurisu: “You mean nothing changed.”
Rintaro: “After the discharge phenomenon occurred last time, we spent all night experimenting with cabbage, radishes, rice, konjac, melon bread, Crunchy-kun, and cup noodles. Nothing happened.”
Rintaro: “The same thing with liquids. On that day, our success rate took a 180 degree turn.”
Rintaro: “Before the discharge phenomenon, everything succeeded. After the discharge phenomenon, everything failed.”
Kurisu: “Is the microwave storing electricity?”
Kurisu: “You said that gelified objects became fractal structured, right?”
Kurisu: “Salt has a simple structure by nature, so maybe that had an effect. But how could electricity be related...”
Rintaro: “Here, we should think under the assumptions of time travel theory.”
Kurisu: “No. It’s not good to start thinking from the conclusion.”
Rintaro: “We’ve already had several successful experiments. You can’t deny that.”
Kurisu: “I’m not especially concerned whether this thing is a time machine or not.”
Kurisu: “To begin with, it’s physically impossible for this tiny little microwave to produce energy equivalent to the big bang.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns deeply.
Kurisu: “We can’t reproduce the discharge phenomenon, nor the fractalization. There should be a reason why.”
Kurisu: “We haven’t changed our methods. We haven’t changed the settings. We haven’t changed the experimental subjects either. There must be some other variable.”
Rintaro: “Maybe it’s the one who observes it.”
Kurisu: “What do you mean by that?”
Rintaro: “Quantum theory. The observer is an important element to the experiment.”
Kurisu: “There were four of us here when the discharge phenomenon occurred last time. But before that, it occurred when Hashida-san was alone.”
Kurisu: “Each time fractalization occurred, there were either two or three people observing.”
Kurisu: “You and I each saw both phenomena.”
Kurisu: “In other words, the conditions haven’t changed.”
Rintaro: “In that case...”
Kurisu: “Hmmm...”
UNSPOKEN: There must be some other variable.
UNSPOKEN: It’s on the tip of my tongue.
UNSPOKEN: Then I hear a rumbling sound from Kurisu’s stomach.
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “Hungry?”
Kurisu: “Sh-shut up! I haven’t eaten anything since lunch.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away as she looks at her watch.
Kurisu: “It’s already 8?”
Rintaro: “Just eat a banana. But only one of the two we just warmed. They are, after all, the fruit of our experiments.”
Rintaro: “Or you could take something from our stock of cup noodles.”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “Don’t want any? Well, since you have lived in America for so long, I guess you’d prefer fast food instead--”
Kurisu: “Cup noodles.”
Rintaro: “What?”
Kurisu: “I’ll have cup noodles.”
Rintaro: “Cup noodles!?”
Kurisu: “What flavors?”
Rintaro: “There’s soy sauce flavor and chicken flavor.”
Kurisu: “Chicken.”
UNSPOKEN: She seems in the mood to eat.
Kurisu: “Also... do you have a fork?”
UNSPOKEN: It’s past midnight.
UNSPOKEN: At 8 o’clock, the two of us silently ate cup noodles and warm bananas -- Daru said he didn’t want any -- and ever since then, we’ve been examining the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: I’ve mainly focused on the terminal mode settings through the X68000.
UNSPOKEN: The programs Daru wrote are all Wizard-class though, so I can’t understand most of them.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “No need.”
Rintaro: “What? Do your parents let you do whatever you want?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns to me and sighs.
Kurisu: “I haven’t seen my father in seven years. My mother is in America. I’m living in a hotel right now. Understand?”
Rintaro: “Wha...!”
UNSPOKEN: Living in a hotel?
UNSPOKEN: Well, true, renting an apartment for just a month is absurd, but--
Rintaro: “You damn celebrity! If you’re American, then you should at least use a motel instead of a hotel, right!?”
Kurisu: “I’m not American, and there aren’t any motels in the heart of Tokyo.”
Rintaro: “What sort of hotel?”
Kurisu: “What do you mean? It’s a normal hotel in Ochanomizu.”
Rintaro: “Ochanomizu? Then you can walk there from here, can’t you?”
Kurisu: “Sure.”
UNSPOKEN: I see. That’s why she’s so flexible with her schedule.
UNSPOKEN: I finally understand.
Rintaro: “So, tell me about your father.”
Kurisu: “Sorry?”
Rintaro: “You said you haven’t seen him in seven years?”
Kurisu: “Why do you care about my father?”
Rintaro: “You’re the one who mentioned him. Isn’t that basically a hidden message saying ’please give me some advice about my father, please’?”
Kurisu: “You’re crazy.”
Rintaro: “You are my assistant! And I can’t let my assistant have any worries. So tell me everything that’s on your mind!”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pouts and says no more.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, she glares at the circuit box on the wall.
Rintaro: “What’s wrong?”
Kurisu: “I have nothing to say to you.”
Rintaro: “Oh, I know!”
Rintaro: “Your father was a hero, but then he fell to evil and now he wears a black mask and cape and goes ’heeeee koohhh’, right!? And in the future, you two are destined to fight and--”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I think I heard Kurisu’s teeth grind.
Rintaro: “...Y-you’re really mad at me, aren’t you?”
Kurisu: “Don’t make fun...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t look me in the eye, but her low voice tells me how mad she is.
Kurisu: “Of people’s family issues like that. You’re trampling on my heart.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Could her father situation be a landmine?
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should apologize.
UNSPOKEN: I try to think of the words, but before I can say anything--
Itaru: “Hell yeahhhhhhh!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s war cry echoes through the lab.
Rintaro: “Did you get it!?”
Itaru: “Mission complete.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru shows his white teeth in a wide grin as he gives a thumbs up.
Itaru: “I got the server admin’s ID and password. Now we can peep as much as we want, hyahoohh!”
Rintaro: “And the IBN 5100 database?”
Itaru: “That’s separate, duh. The server admin’s unrelated.”
Itaru: “I mean, it’s a database with normally unreadable code, so there’s a limit on who can access it. Doesn’t look like even the lab director can access it.”
Rintaro: “There are positions higher than that?”
Itaru: “There’s something called the SERN Executive Council.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me coldly.
UNSPOKEN: Whatever. Let’s leave the IBN 5100 database for another day.
Rintaro: “Run a search for data on time travel research.”
Itaru: “Okey-dokey. That Z Program we saw last time was suspicious, wasn’t it?”
Rintaro: “That, and the Jellyman’s Report.”
UNSPOKEN: We couldn’t get concrete information on either before.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares holes into the monitor.
UNSPOKEN: Her angry expression has disappeared.
Rintaro: “Look carefully. And burn it into your eyes. The proof of SERN’s actions, its deceit upon the world.”
Itaru: “Oh yeah, baby. Found the LHC project supervisor.”
Rintaro: “The supervisor... that’s a pretty important post.”
Itaru: “Right now, we’re peeking inside his computer.”
Itaru: “Z Program, Z Program... hmm...”
Rintaro: “Z obviously stands for jelly (zerii)!”
Kurisu: “Jelly starts with J. J-E-L-L-Y.”
Itaru: “Pfft, careless mistake. So uncool.”
Rintaro: “Ahem! What I meant to say is that there’s no way it would have such a simple name. The name’s hiding something important. There has to be a double meaning!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru, who’s been searching through the log, suddenly stops.
Itaru: “Got it!”
UNSPOKEN: He displays a graphic on the monitor.
UNSPOKEN: It looks like a scan of a very old paper document.
UNSPOKEN: The letterhead reads Z PROGRAM: TOP SECRET.
Itaru: “The program began... in 1973.”
Rintaro: “When was SERN formed?”
Kurisu: “1954.”
UNSPOKEN: I asked Daru, but Kurisu answers instead, her tone flat.
UNSPOKEN: I thought that maybe SERN was formed with the Z Program in mind, but ’54 means my guess was off.
Rintaro: “When was the IBN 5100 put on market?”
Itaru: “1975.”
UNSPOKEN: So maybe that’s why the IBN 5100 was central to SERN’s operations.
UNSPOKEN: The years match, after all.
UNSPOKEN: It can’t be something as stupidly simple as that.
UNSPOKEN: There has to be a worldwide conspiracy involved.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe IBN hid their proprietary programming language in the IBN 5100 for the sole purpose of its use in SERN’s Z Program.
UNSPOKEN: IBN and SERN are co-conspirators.
UNSPOKEN: And both of them are being manipulated from the shadows by an even larger organization.
UNSPOKEN: Yeah, that’s way more interesting.
Itaru: “Ugh, a JPEG? Come on! I can’t copypaste this.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru mutters some complaint.
Kurisu: “Hmmm, the text isn’t in French...”
UNSPOKEN: What’s on-screen right now looks like English.
Itaru: “Actually, there’s French, Dutch, and German versions too. The content looks the same, though.”
Kurisu: “...’SERN’s purpose heading into the 21st Century shall be to establish control over space and time, thereby to enable the destruction of extant history and the creation of an everlasting Utopia,”
Kurisu: “ruled by the Committee, that encompasses the entirety of past and future events.’”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly starts speaking at a stilted clip.
Itaru: “Oh, right! Makise-shi can do English!”
Rintaro: “Way to go, assistant! Your study abroad in America was all for the sake of today, wasn’t it!?”
Kurisu: “Of course not. Stop assigning people roles in your fantasy world.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru relinquishes his chair, allowing Kurisu to sit in front of the computer.
Kurisu: “’In order to maintain this project’s secrecy, and to allow its name to remain relevant in changing circumstances, we designate it the Z Program.’”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Is there anything specific about what exactly the Z Program is?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru types on the keyboard from the side, bringing up another window.
Kurisu: “Hmm... ah... here.”
Kurisu: “This... can’t be!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bends forward and stares wide-eyed at the words on the screen.
Rintaro: “What is it?”
Kurisu: “’The purpose of the Z Program is to perform time-space displacement experiments by means of high-energy proton-proton collisions.’”
UNSPOKEN: Time-space displacement experiments.
Rintaro: “Time travel!”
UNSPOKEN: I have to struggle to keep from shouting.
UNSPOKEN: I quickly run over to the window and close it.
UNSPOKEN: It might make it hotter inside, but it would be worse if people outside overheard us.
Kurisu: “No way... it was true?”
Kurisu: “You’re telling me they’ve been deceiving the world for nearly 40 years?”
Rintaro: “Just as I suspected. A great shadow lurks behind SERN. Most likely the Organization, or one of its puppets.’”
Kurisu: “What Organization, you chuunibyou nutjob? At least try to be serious some of the time.”
Rintaro: “Hmph, don’t be ridiculous. My words are always grounded in truth.”
Itaru: “Anyway, shouldn’t it be ’the Committee’ instead of ’the Organization’? That’s what it says here.”
Kurisu: “The Committee of 300? I don’t think they mean SERN’s Executive Council. What are they talking about?”
Rintaro: “The world is full of lies. It’s not as beautiful as you think.”
Itaru: “Listen, Okarin...”
Rintaro: “I am listening. The Committee of 300 is the dark power that controls every secret society, every government, every multinational corporation.”
Kurisu: “You’re making things up again.”
Rintaro: “It’s the truth. Google it if you don’t believe me.”
Rintaro: “Until now, the human race, for all its accomplishments, has never been able to overcome the barrier called time.”
Rintaro: “The technology of time travel, which can break through that barrier, will change the course of human history. Literally.”
Rintaro: “As it was when we split the atom, this forbidden fruit has the potential to grant us godlike power. Not a man exists who can resist its temptation.”
Rintaro: “And naturally, all those with power will use any means at their disposal to obtain it. Human morality is naught but a joke to those who would stand with the gods.”
Rintaro: “Understand, Christina?”
Kurisu: “...Wow. That was quite a speech.”
Kurisu: “Since you seem to know so much about it, does that mean you’re aiming for godhood too?”
Rintaro: “What Hououin Kyouma desires is the destruction of all who would call themselves gods, the collapse of their hateful System, and a glorious new age of Chaos. Muhahaha!”
Kurisu: “I’m not asking Hououin. I’m asking Okabe.”
Rintaro: “I... I am Hououin!”
Kurisu: “In other words, you don’t have your own reason.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, assistant. How dare you attack my very identity?
Itaru: “Forget about him, Makise-shi. Please keep reading.”
Rintaro: “Daru! What do you mean forget about me?”
Itaru: “I’m tired of listening to conspiracy theories. I’m more interested in the Z Program than in your delusions.”
UNSPOKEN: I told you, they’re not delusions, and they’re not “theories”...
UNSPOKEN: But Daru does have a point.
UNSPOKEN: Our top priority now is to expose the dark side of the international research organization known as SERN.
Rintaro: “Continue, assistant.”
Kurisu: “At least show respect when you’re asking a favor...”
UNSPOKEN: Though huffing out complaints, Kurisu obediently goes back to translating.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Someone... died?
Itaru: “Could that have something to do with... human experimentation?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Eh?”
Rintaro: “You should leave.”
Kurisu: “Why are you suddenly--”
Rintaro: “The Jellyman’s Report... it just gives me a bad feeling. Once we see it, we can no longer return to our normal lives.”
Rintaro: “You’re a genius. You’re already published, for crying out loud. There’s no need to throw away your promising future.”
Kurisu: “Are you worried about me?”
Rintaro: “Of course I am. You are my assistant, after all.”
Kurisu: “...I keep telling you, I’m not your assistant.”
Kurisu: “Thanks for your concern. But I’m not leaving. We need to expose this truth to the world.”
Rintaro: “No! It’s too dangerous.”
Kurisu: “You chickening out?”
Rintaro: “We’re powerless against this conspiracy. One wrong move, and they’ll have us erased.”
Kurisu: “But still--”
Rintaro: “This isn’t a game! I’m not joking here.”
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “...Fine. I won’t tell anyone.”
UNSPOKEN: Though her expression shows she still doesn’t agree, she finally submits.
Kurisu: “But I’m not leaving. It’ll keep me awake at night.”
Rintaro: “You won’t regret this?”
Kurisu: “I won’t.”
UNSPOKEN: She declares firmly.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know if it’s her competitive spirit, or if it’s her bravery, or if she’s just ignorant to the ways of the world.
UNSPOKEN: But it doesn’t look like I can persuade her to back down.
Rintaro: “What about you, Daru? Prepared?”
Itaru: “Well, I am a super hacker.”
UNSPOKEN: He’s comfortable even in this situation.
Itaru: “And with my skills, they’ll never know we were there.”
UNSPOKEN: That settles it.
UNSPOKEN: It’s good that Mayuri’s not here. I can’t get her involved.
UNSPOKEN: I look Daru and Kurisu in the eye.
Rintaro: “Alright... let’s begin.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives the seat to Daru.
Rintaro: “Henceforth, this shall be known as Operation Laegjarn’s Chest!”
Kurisu: “Why Norse mythology?”
Itaru: “Is that Norse mythology? Because it’s cool, I guess.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, what is it with men and military terms...”
Rintaro: “Daru, begin the operation!”
UNSPOKEN: He soon finds the Jellyman’s Report.
UNSPOKEN: It required a second password authentication, which Daru broke through easily.
Itaru: “Ready? I’m opening it.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru looks at me and Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I wet my parched lips and nod.
UNSPOKEN: The air in the lab suddenly seems thicker.
UNSPOKEN: Unable to escape through the closed window, it surrounds us with an oppressive heat.
UNSPOKEN: Daru wipes the sweat off his forehead with a handkerchief, then timidly presses the enter key.
UNSPOKEN: The file opens.
UNSPOKEN: At first glance, it looks like a resume.
UNSPOKEN: There’s a photograph on the top right.
UNSPOKEN: The top left has name, age, height, weight, and other information.
UNSPOKEN: In the center is a long string of English text.
UNSPOKEN: Underneath that, there’s something attached, like a scan of a newspaper clipping with a black and white photo.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Eh...?”
UNSPOKEN: I’m still in shock, so I don’t quite grasp the meaning of Kurisu’s words.
Kurisu: “This New York Times article is from 1921.”
Rintaro: “90 years ago...”
Kurisu: “Look.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu points to part of the black and white photograph, her finger shaking slightly.
UNSPOKEN: The gelified corpse of a man. She’s pointing to his shoulder, which has writing on it. Perhaps it was printed on his clothes. It’s fused onto the gelified body, but you can somehow manage to read it.
Rintaro: “SERN...”
Itaru: “So... SERN used the LHC to send someone back to 1921?”
Kurisu: “Looks like they failed to keep him alive, though.”
Rintaro: “Is this the only report?”
Itaru: “No, there’s more. Looks like... 14 people in total.”
Rintaro: “More Jellymen? That means more gelified people... more victims of human experimentation...”
UNSPOKEN: I swallow hard.
UNSPOKEN: I’m awfully thirsty.
UNSPOKEN: I take a cold Dr P out of the fridge and wet my throat.
Rintaro: “Show me the others.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru pulls up another report.
UNSPOKEN: Without being told to, Kurisu begins translating out loud.
Kurisu: “’Jellyman’s Report 9.’”
Kurisu: “’Subject: Dan Strayski, Age: 26, Canadian.’”
Kurisu: “’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2004-9-6 T 14:10.’”
Kurisu: “’Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.’”
Kurisu: “The newspaper clipping... I think it’s in French. I can’t read it.”
Rintaro: “You can read the date, though. January 31, 2001.”
Kurisu: “The location is... Pau, France, I guess.”
UNSPOKEN: 2001. That’s fairly recent.
UNSPOKEN: A pretty big difference from James McCarthy, who jumped nearly 90 years back to 1921.
UNSPOKEN: Daru calls up a machine translation, giving us the following.
UNSPOKEN: Daru goes to the next report.
Kurisu: “’Jellyman’s Report 8.’”
Kurisu: “’Subject: Linda Hill, Age: 25, British’”
Kurisu: “’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2004-2-15 T 13:45’”
Kurisu: “’Results: Error. Human is Dead. Mismatch.’”
Kurisu: “’October 2, 1972. The gelified body of a woman was discovered on the streets of Dharmapuri in Tamil Nadu, India.’”
Kurisu: “’There were signs that the body had been run over by a car.’”
UNSPOKEN: Daru goes to the next page.
Kurisu: “’Jellyman’s Report 7.’”
Kurisu: “’Subject: Michael Lang, Age: 33, German’”
Kurisu: “’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2002-10-8 T 13:28’”
Kurisu: “’Results: Error. Human is dead. Mismatch.’”
UNSPOKEN: The article clipping is written in Japanese.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like a pre-war newspaper.
UNSPOKEN: It even happened in Japan. I’ve never heard this story before.
UNSPOKEN: It was pre-war, though, so I guess someone born in the 90s like me would have no way of knowing about it.
UNSPOKEN: Next page.
UNSPOKEN: The picture shows a beach, beautiful but for the jellyfish-like body lying on the sand. It must have washed ashore. 
Kurisu: “’Jellyman’s Report 6.’”
Kurisu: “’Subject: Mark Hughes, Age: 30, American’”
Kurisu: “’Z Program 4, Date of Experiment: 2002-8-23 T 12:52’”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “I’ve seen enough.”
UNSPOKEN: There are 14 of these people?
Kurisu: “The sites are spread throughout the world. What can we deduce from this?”
Rintaro: “They must have sent them to those places.”
Kurisu: “I don’t think so. It’s too random.”
Itaru: “There was something about Kerr black holes and gravity, right? Isn’t that the cause?”
Kurisu: “It is believed that due to infinite compression by supergravity, the subject could not endure passage through the Kerr black hole’s singularity.’”
Kurisu: “That’s what it said.”
Itaru: “What’s a Kerr black hole? Is it different from a regular black hole?”
Kurisu: “It’s a theoretical black hole with a rotating singularity. Their existence hasn’t been proven yet. Not that there’s any way to prove one exists.”
UNSPOKEN: Kerr black hole. Where have I heard that term before?
Rintaro: “That’s right... John Titor!”
UNSPOKEN: Titor said his time machine used Kerr black holes.
Rintaro: “According to Titor, SERN finished their time machine in 2034. And then Titor himself came from 2036.”
UNSPOKEN: It makes sense for Titor and SERN to be using the same time travel technology.
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu closes her eyes in deep thought.
Kurisu: “Creating Kerr black holes? That’s insane. If you screw up, it could swallow the Earth... and besides, Kerr black holes are just a theoretical construct.”
Rintaro: “If Titor’s predictions are a reality, then that means the LHC worst case scenario video on MewTube was right.”
Itaru: “I don’t know about Titor’s predictions, but I’ve seen the problem video before. It was on the news two or three years ago.”
Kurisu: “The gravitational forces inside a black hole are unbelievably powerful. It’s certainly possible that passing through one could allow time displacement, but there’s no way a human could do that and come out alive.”
Rintaro: “That must be how these people got gelified.”
Kurisu: “It wouldn’t just gelify you. It would tear you apart particle from particle. That’s what a black hole does.”
Itaru: “Before we discuss this, shouldn’t we look through the rest of their time machine research?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s already started pulling up new documents.
UNSPOKEN: I’m suddenly afraid.
UNSPOKEN: Is it okay to keep hacking SERN like this?
UNSPOKEN: Should I stop him?
UNSPOKEN: I’m the one who asked him to do it, but things have gotten serious now.
UNSPOKEN: But at the same time, irresistible curiosity wells up inside me.
UNSPOKEN: Time travel is becoming a reality.
UNSPOKEN: I want to know that it’s true. I can’t stop now.
Itaru: “Here we go! There’s a file in the Z Program that explains time travel theory.”
Kurisu: “That was pretty easy to find. SERN should have better security.”
Itaru: “Their security’s fine. I’m just too good.”
Rintaro: “Daru is my Favorite Right Arm.”
Kurisu: “I thought he was your super hacka.”
Itaru: “Hacker!”
Rintaro: “So what does it say, Christina?”
UNSPOKEN: This is in English too, so I have no choice but to rely on my assistant.
Kurisu: “Umm... can you give me some time to read it?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s eyes dart left and right across the lines.
UNSPOKEN: Her earlier reluctance has vanished. It looks like she’s as curious as I am.
Kurisu: “No way... but this is...”
Kurisu: “Is Titor really...?”
Rintaro: “What are you muttering about? Tell me what it says.”
Kurisu: “...Oh, right.”
Kurisu: “You know, this feels like one big joke.”
Rintaro: “What do you mean?”
Kurisu: “It’s almost the same. The same as Titor’s theory.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Don’t listen to this fool, Christina. Continue.”
Kurisu: “...ugh.”
Kurisu: “Uh, what were we talking about?”
Itaru: “Thrusting with great force.”
Rintaro: “Proton compression.”
Kurisu: “Right. Successful compression generates a micro-singularity, which--”
Itaru: “A micro singularity? Not a mini black hole?”
Rintaro: “Same thing, essentially. A singularity is the core of a black hole.”
Kurisu: “This process generates a black hole with two micro-singularities.”
UNSPOKEN: A black hole with two cores?
UNSPOKEN: Like a cowlick with two hairs? No, I don’t think that’s it...
Itaru: “Explain with cute girls.”
Kurisu: “Fine. Say there are two cute girls, Mic-chan and Cro-chan.”
Itaru: “Sisters are moe. Haah, haah.”
Kurisu: “By feeding Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, you can make them do whatever you want.”
Itaru: “Electric shock torture? This some sort of eroge?”
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “So you force them to rotate at an extremely high velocity.”
Kurisu: “And then, theoretically, Mic-chan and Cro-chan transform into Magical Girl ’Ring Singularity’.”
Itaru: “Cue stock transformation scene. Got it.”
UNSPOKEN: Well, it looks like these two have found a common wavelength.
Kurisu: “The resulting black hole exhibits what’s called the Kerr effect.”
Itaru: “What are Kerr black holes anyway? You said they spin, but what does that mean?”
Kurisu: “Exactly what it sounds like.”
Itaru: ”But don’t black holes usually spin? I mean, there’s a whirlpool around the hole, right?”
Kurisu: “The part that looks like it’s spinning is just the surrounding matter being sucked into the black hole.”
Kurisu: “A black hole is just a point where extreme mass causes gravitational collapse. Everything falls towards it.”
Kurisu: “Since it’s only a point, it doesn’t spin.”
Kurisu: “ A Kerr black hole has a ring at its center, not a point.”
Kurisu: “Think of it like this. Once transformed into magical girls, Mic-chan and Cro-chan’s hearts spin like a ring inside their bodies, which is impossible for normal people.”
Itaru: “...I’ll pass on the guro.”
Rintaro: “Before, you said that such a black hole’s existence would be impossible to prove. What did you mean?”
Kurisu: “A black hole has what’s called an event horizon.”
Kurisu: “Once you pass the event horizon, time and space switch places.”
Rintaro: “Time and space switch places?”
Kurisu: “Right now, we can move freely through space and into the future, but we can’t move even one minute into the past. That becomes reversed.”
Kurisu: “On the other side of the event horizon, moving freely through space becomes impossible, while moving freely through time becomes possible.”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t even imagine what that’s like.
Kurisu: “Since unrestricted spatial movement is impossible, you can never escape a black hole.”
Kurisu: “For example, if Okabe jumped into a black hole, time for him would stretch to infinity.”
Kurisu: “Since light cannot escape, human eyes cannot see the other side of the event horizon.”
Kurisu: “Observing a black hole from the outside is impossible, so nothing about the inside can be proven.”
Kurisu: “There is an exception, however. This exception is vital when you use a Kerr black hole for time travel.”
Rintaro: “Get to the point.”
Kurisu: “The Kerr black hole’s ring singularity. Since it’s spinning, it has angular momentum.”
Itaru: “Like I said, in Japanese please.”
Kurisu: “Didn’t I already explain how the core spins? Just think of that as having momentum.”
Kurisu: “If you keep giving Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, they’ll rotate faster and faster.”
Kurisu: “And when their angular momentum exceeds a certain threshold, the event horizon will disappear, and the singularity will become a naked singularity.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “When the event horizon disappears, there’s no more reason for time and space to change places. Meaning that you can enter a naked singularity without being trapped.”
Kurisu: “And then the existence of the naked singularity allows the principle of causality to be violated and the general theory of relativity to fail.”
Kurisu: “The laws of physics are broken!”
Rintaro: “C-can such a thing exist?”
UNSPOKEN: The negation of the theory of relativity and the principle of causality means serious paradoxes can occur. Didn’t Kurisu say that earlier?
Kurisu: “Nothing in principle stops Kerr black holes from existing. It seems inconsistent, but the math never lies.”
Kurisu: “Since the principle of causality fails, it would be possible to travel to the past by entering a naked singularity.”
UNSPOKEN: John Titor said the same thing. So Titor’s time machine is using SERN’s technology.
UNSPOKEN: But Titor’s time machine was compact, small enough to fit into a car.
UNSPOKEN: The LHC is 27 kilometers long, but they managed to get it down to travel size in just 24 years.
Kurisu: “One thing I don’t understand is how they inject electrons into the singularity.”
Kurisu: “Look. This is a picture of the LHC, but there’s strange equipment installed at the proton collision site.”
Kurisu: “It looks like they call it a ’lifter’, but... just what is it?”
Rintaro: “Daru, have you heard of it?”
Itaru: “Lifter, lifter... I think I saw that in the Z Program files. Wanna google it?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru opens up a browser window and enters “lifter” into a search engine.
Itaru: “We’ve got hits!”
UNSPOKEN: About 422,000 results.
Kurisu: “That many? I guess it’s not a secret...”
Rintaro: “Could this be it? Ionocraft.”
Kurisu: “Ions are charged particles. The meaning matches.”
UNSPOKEN: We click on a link that says “Ionocraft (lifter)”.
UNSPOKEN: It takes us to a video.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like some dim garage.
UNSPOKEN: But it doesn’t seem like anything secretive. Just a garage like you’d see in an average American home.
UNSPOKEN: At the center of the screen is a triangular shape made of some kind of metal. It looks about 10 cm high, and about 30 cm wide.
UNSPOKEN: It’s connected to some sort of generator by a thin wire.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like some really cheap equipment.
UNSPOKEN: That’s all there is.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing else.
UNSPOKEN: After explaining something in some language I don’t understand -- Russian, maybe? -- the person filming the video slowly turns the power on.
UNSPOKEN: And then--
Itaru: “It’s floating...”
UNSPOKEN: The silvery triangle floats soundlessly into the air.
UNSPOKEN: Then it remains stationary.
Rintaro: “That’s... an anti-gravity device!”
Kurisu: “Don’t be ridiculous. That would be the breakthrough of the century.”
Kurisu: “It’s called an ionocraft, so it probably has something to do with electrodes and charged air...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t sound as confident as she usually does.
UNSPOKEN: We look up information on the ionocraft lifter.
UNSPOKEN: Lots of sites have detailed instructions on how to make lifters, but I don’t know how they work since the sites all give conflicting theories.
Rintaro: “SERN is using this lifter technology. It’s a vital component of their time machine.”
Rintaro: “If they can manipulate a micro singularity’s mass and gravitational field, then these things really are anti-gravity devices!”
Kurisu: “Well, under those exact conditions, I guess you might not be entirely wrong.”
UNSPOKEN: Incredible!
UNSPOKEN: My curiosity’s growing more by the second.
Kurisu: “But it looks like SERN’s having trouble adjusting their lifter.”
Kurisu: “They don’t have full control over the micro singularity’s gravity. So they can’t make a true naked singularity.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “So SERN’s lifter is still incomplete...”
UNSPOKEN: If Titor is telling the truth, then SERN won’t complete their time machine for another 24 years.
Rintaro: “If we can complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change) first, then we’ll have outwitted SERN!”
Kurisu: “We don’t have half the equipment or funding SERN does. What makes you think you can solve a problem that they can’t?”
Kurisu: “This isn’t that simple.”
Kurisu: “SERN still hasn’t figured out how to set the subject’s destination in time or space.”
Kurisu: “That should be evident by how scattered the jellyman discoveries were.”
Kurisu: “We don’t even know if this is all of them. There could be jellymen buried underground or floating in space. Actually, I’m almost certain there are.”
Kurisu: “There’s no point traveling through time if you end up in tens of thousands of kilometers away from the Earth. It’s not practical at all.”
Rintaro: “Titor said he had a ’variable gravity lock system’. He can use that to lock onto the Earth’s gravity and ensure he arrives somewhere on the planet’s surface.”
Kurisu: “Titor’s explanation on that point was vague.”
Kurisu: “He mentioned having such a device, but he didn’t explain how it worked.”
Itaru: “But if you’re only moving through time, won’t you just arrive in the same location?”
Kurisu: “Of course not.”
Itaru: “Why not?”
Rintaro: “Because the Earth is always moving.”
Kurisu: “Right. Rotation and revolution.”
Kurisu: “The Earth’s rotational velocity is about 1,650 kilometers per hour.”
Kurisu: “Its orbital velocity around the sun is about 114,000 kilometers per hour.”
Kurisu: “Meaning one hour ago, we were that far away from where we are now.”
Itaru: “Whoa! When you think about it like that, we’re earth-shatteringly fast!”
Kurisu: “And that’s not all.”
Kurisu: “The Solar System is part of the Milky Way. And the Milky Way spins like a giant whirlpool.”
Kurisu: “There are various theories, but basically the earth moves about 50 million kilometers a day.”
UNSPOKEN: How can she roll all those numbers so smoothly off her tongue?
UNSPOKEN: I get that she’s a genius, but it’s hardly common knowledge. Has she been doing research on the topic?
Itaru: “We’ve kinda gotten to a ludicrous scale.”
Kurisu: “By the way, the Milky Way is part of a large cluster of galaxies, which is itself part of an even larger supercluster.”
Kurisu: “And these clusters and superclusters might be moving too. If that’s the case, we’re moving even more than 50 million kilometers a day.”
Kurisu: “The point is that setting the destination would require insane calculations, even if you only want to travel one second into the past.”
Kurisu: “Doing it by hand is impossible, and it might take years for a supercomputer to come up with a solution, just to get you to the same location.”
Rintaro: “Then we have no choice. We need to find Titor and borrow his variable gravity system.”
Kurisu: “Great idea. Go for it.”
Kurisu: “I wonder how SERN is dealing with this problem...”
Rintaro: “...”
Itaru: “...”
UNSPOKEN: After blowing me off, Kurisu goes back to reading SERN’s documents.
UNSPOKEN: Daru and I aren’t good with English, so there’s nothing we can do but let her work.
UNSPOKEN: Dawn breaks.
UNSPOKEN: We stayed up all night again.
UNSPOKEN: Fighting drowsiness, I refill my mug with instant coffee. I’ve already lost count of how many I’ve had.
Kurisu: “Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands her mug to me without looking away from the computer.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Do you even have a round table?”
Rintaro: “Not physically. However, it exists in the hearts of all lab mems. Am I mistaken?”
Kurisu: “Yes, you’re mistaken. Don’t go sticking things in people’s hearts.”
Mayuri: “Is there one in Mayushii too?”
Rintaro: “Of course there is.”
Mayuri: “Oh, that’s good. But what’s a roundable?”
Itaru: “And why a round table? You King Arthur?”
Kurisu: “I’m only a temporary lab mem anyway.”
UNSPOKEN: These people whine about every little thing!
Rintaro: “Anyway, it’s a Round Table Conference! Mayuri wasn’t here last night, so first, let’s explain the situation to her.”
UNSPOKEN: I tell Mayuri about everything we discovered in her absence.
UNSPOKEN: About how SERN is making a time machine.
UNSPOKEN: About jellymen.
UNSPOKEN: About how men in black might be coming to erase us for what we know.
Mayuri: “I told you you shouldn’t do bad things.”
Rintaro: “Hmph, ’bad’ you say? We are bad? Absurd.”
Rintaro: “If we’re bad, then SERN is even worse. They aren’t satisfied with ruling the world. Now they want to get their hands on space-time itself!”
Kurisu: “I agree.”
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Kurisu backs me up.
Kurisu: “What SERN is doing is unforgivable. They’re traitors to humanity, to society, and to science.”
Mayuri: “I guess...”
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t sound convinced.
UNSPOKEN: I didn’t want to get Mayuri involved, but she’s surprisingly perceptive. She’d find out even if we kept it a secret. So it’s better to just tell her.
Rintaro: “Anyway, Ragnarok can no longer be averted. The final battle with SERN is near.”
UNSPOKEN: A large part of me is still afraid, but we’ve come too far to turn back now.
UNSPOKEN: We can’t unlearn what we know.
Mayuri: “Rag in a rock?”
Kurisu: “Norse mythology again?”
Rintaro: “Christina! I ordered you to investigate SERN! What have you learned?”
Kurisu: “I don’t remember being ordered, but whatever.”
Kurisu: “There are two problems SERN faces with time travel.”
Kurisu: “First is the electron injection device, also known as a ’lifter’.”
Kurisu: “Unless they get it to function properly, they can’t make the Kerr black hole singularites naked.”
Kurisu: “If you send a test subject through the singularity in its current state, the supergravity compresses them to the micro level. Naturally, there’s no way to survive.”
Kurisu: “The second problem is that they can’t specify a physical destination. They can’t choose where they end up after traveling to the past.”
Kurisu: “That’s why I’d say the 14 found jellymen were the lucky ones.”
Kurisu: “Over a hundred human experiments have been performed since 2001. The remaining 80 or so people ended up somewhere they can’t be found.”
Mayuri: “Why can’t they be found?”
Itaru: “Didn’t you know, Mayu-shi? The world is constantly moving. Its rotational speed is 1500 kph, and its orbital speed is 114,000 kph--”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s tone is authoritative, but he’s just relaying what he heard from Kurisu last night.
Kurisu: “SERN has been looking for solutions, but it’s not going well.”
UNSPOKEN: So even SERN is having difficulties?
Rintaro: “Now then. Have you learned anything that could help us complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change)?”
Kurisu: “Hmm...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at the ceiling in thought.
Kurisu: “Well, I suppose you could call the LHC the world’s largest microwave oven.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Since the jellyman phenomenon occurs with the PhoneWave (name subject to change), Mayuri’s bananas must be reaching the Kerr black hole’s ring singularity.”
Mayuri: “It makes a black hole? Here?”
Mayuri: “It won’t suck us in, will it?”
UNSPOKEN: If it sucked us in, we’d become jellymen too.
Kurisu: “But we still haven’t figured out the electric discharge phenomenon, or the conditions required to cause it.”
Itaru: “During our experiments earlier, we were only able to send emails to the past during the discharge.”
Rintaro: “Although it hasn’t happened again, that discharge phenomenon could very well signify the injection of charge -- that is, electrons.”
Rintaro: “And only when it occurs does the path to the singularity open.”
Kurisu: “We don’t know the cause of the discharge phenomenon.”
Rintaro: “That’s what we need to find out.”
Kurisu: “In the first place, the emails we’re sending to the past are digital data, not physical objects. That’s a definite difference from SERN’s time machine.”
Rintaro: “No, we’re doing the same thing. Who’s to say that digital data can’t go through a singularity? I think it would be easier than sending something human-sized.”
Kurisu: “Well... I suppose that’s true.”
Mayuri: “You know, the way you guys talk about email...”
Mayuri: “It makes me think of folding a letter into a paper airplane and making it go zoom, you know?”
Rintaro: “It’s more like a beam of light. Like optical digital data.”
Rintaro: “By the way, it’s a pain to keep saying ’email sent to the past’. Let’s give it a proper name.”
Kurisu: “I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
Rintaro: “What’s that supposed to mean? You dare mock Hououin Kyouma!?”
Kurisu: “You just want to give it some oddball name, don’t you?”
Rintaro: “Hmph! How rude. Heed me! I shall name the phenomenon of ’email sent to the past’ as follows. The name shall be...”
Rintaro: “Nostalgia Drive!”
Kurisu: “Confusing. Rejected.”
Rintaro: “Why you! Who gave you the authority to reject my ideas!? You’re just an assistant!”
Kurisu: “Then why don’t we take a vote? All in favor of Nostalgia Drive.”
UNSPOKEN: My hand shoots into the air.
UNSPOKEN: But nobody follows suit.
Rintaro: “Have you forsaken me, Daru!? Mayuri!?”
Mayuri: “Chris-chan’s right. It’s too hard for Mayushii to remember.”
Itaru: “It’s way too chuuni, man.”
UNSPOKEN: Traitors!
Rintaro: “Fine! Then let’s hear alternatives! Don’t tell me you rejected my idea without having any bright ideas of your own!?”
Kurisu: “I think it needs to be something easy to understand. It’s an email that regresses through time, so how about Retromail?”
Mayuri: “What does ’retro’ mean?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is busy eating strawberry jelly.
UNSPOKEN: How can she eat that stuff after hearing about jellymen?
Rintaro: “Sounds like you have your answer, Christina. You said it should be easy to understand, but it wasn’t easy to understand at all, was it!?”
Kurisu: “B-but that’s because Mayuri-san is...”
Kurisu: “Uh, n-never mind...”
Rintaro: “Were you about to say ’because Mayuri’s dumb’?”
Kurisu: “N-no!”
Mayuri: “Eh? Chris-chan, do you think Mayushii’s dumb?”
Kurisu: “I don’t! I promise I don’t! Okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Somehow, Kurisu manages to glare at me even while soothing Mayuri.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Besides, I think the meaning is a little off.”
UNSPOKEN: She probably meant “Mail to the Future,” but our emails go to the past.
Mayuri: “It’s not about the meaning... I took a movie title and changed a word to mail...”
Rintaro: “Either way, it’s too long!”
Itaru: “Then how about DeLorean Mail?”
Rintaro: “That doesn’t even say what kind of email it is!”
Kurisu: “Hey. We don’t have time for this nonsense. Let’s just abbreviate it to ’D-Mail’ and move on.”
Rintaro: “But that’s boring.”
Kurisu: “It don’t care if it’s boring.”
UNSPOKEN: Shot down.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s influence in the lab seems to have grown significantly these past few days.
Mayuri: “D-Mail it is!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, finished with her jelly, proclaims in satisfaction.
UNSPOKEN: Wait, when did Mayuri become the moderator?
Itaru: “So why does the D-Mail phenomenon occur?”
Rintaro: “Because the path through the ring singularity is open. We’ve been over this already.”
Kurisu: “We don’t know if there’s actually a black hole at work here. It could be an entirely different phenomenon that just happens to resemble SERN’s experiments.”
Kurisu: “It’s dangerous to jump to conclusions.”
Rintaro: “Why so timid? Don’t you want our time travel experiments to succeed? That’s why we put our lives on the line to hack SERN!”
Rintaro: “What we need to figure out is how to turn the PhoneWave (name subject to change) into a usable time machine.”
Itaru: “Do you really think that’s possible?”
Rintaro: “There is no think. Only do!”
Kurisu: “What, did you read that off a motivational poster? You’re like the classic incompetent boss.”
Rintaro: “Damn you! You dare insult the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma!?”
Itaru: “Well, it’s not like Okarin’s the boss anyway.”
Rintaro: “Indeed. I am the symbol of this lab, not the boss.”
Kurisu: “I don’t know what you mean by symbol, but how do you plan to turn the PhoneWave into a time machine? Let’s have details.”
Rintaro: “My plan... alright, there is one thing.”
Rintaro: “We’ve been thinking that the electrical discharge happens at random, but I have a hypothesis.”
Kurisu: “Which is?”
UNSPOKEN: I look at my watch. It’s past noon.
Rintaro: “Recall the conditions when it occurred, Christina. We experimented through the night with no results, but there’s one variable we overlooked. The simplest, most definitive variable of all.”
Rintaro: “That is, the time of the occurrence.”
Kurisu: “...ah.”
Rintaro: “I checked the times of the two previous occurrences.”
Rintaro: “When I accidentally sent the first D-Mail to Daru’s phone, it happened between noon and one PM.”
Rintaro: “The second time, when all four of us observed the D-Mail, it was six PM.”
Rintaro: “So if we perform the experiment within that timeframe, we might be able to reproduce the effect.”
Kurisu: “Let’s try it right now!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bolts into the development room, suddenly bursting with enthusiasm.
Itaru: “Well, I’m glad to see she has her priorities straight.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii’s banana supply is getting low... gotta buy more.”
UNSPOKEN: Only one banana remains untouched.
UNSPOKEN: We got rid of the gelified bananas, and then we ate the rest.
Kurisu: “Sorry, Mayuri-san. I’ll go buy you some new bananas later.”
Mayuri: “Really? Yay♪”
Mayuri: “Okarin and Daru-kun eat my bananas, but they never buy new ones...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Trying for the clumsy girl appeal?”
Kurisu: “It was an accident!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up, blushing in embarrassment with tears in her eyes.
Kurisu: “Put the microwave somewhere else! It’s dangerous and hard to reach like this.”
Rintaro: “It’ll punch through the floor if we put it on the table.”
Mayuri: “Chris-chan, Chris-chan! Pain, pain, go away♪”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pats the back of Kurisu’s head, then sweeps her hand through the air.
Kurisu: “Thanks, Mayuri-san.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pulls herself together, types on her phone, and activates the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: The banana inside the microwave slowly begins to spin backwards as the timer counts down.
Kurisu: “Ah!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, who is peering into the microwave, suddenly shouts in surprise.
UNSPOKEN: The banana has vanished.
UNSPOKEN: At the exact same moment, the banana reappears on its stem, gelified.
Itaru: “Whoa!”
Mayuri: “It became a gelbana...”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh... muhahaha... MUHAHAHAHA! Just as I suspected, the critical variable was time!”
UNSPOKEN: I was a little anxious about the result, but it all worked out.
UNSPOKEN: I outwitted the impertinent genius girl. Now my position as symbol of the lab is secure!
Kurisu: “W-way to go, Okabe. It was so simple, I didn’t notice it.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says with a slightly sulky expression.
Rintaro: “Your praise does you credit, Christina, but I know you’re frustrated you didn’t think of it first. Muhahahaha!”
Kurisu: “Anyway, let’s see if we can send another D-Mail.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ignores my proud laughter and excitedly starts typing out a mail.
Rintaro: “Guh... I feel like my authority has been on the decline since that girl showed up.”
Itaru: “It’s cool, man. You never had any to begin with.”
Kurisu: “Help me, you two! Okabe, I’m sending an email to your phone.”
UNSPOKEN: When did I become her assistant?
UNSPOKEN: I grind my teeth in frustration, but I do as I’m told and insert my phone into the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s slot.
Mayuri: “What are you gonna send, Chris-chan?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri presses up against Kurisu and sneaks a peek at Kurisu’s phone.
Kurisu: “It doesn’t matter what it says. What matters is whether we can send it or not.”
Mayuri: “Hmm? Lemme see... Okabe is an airhe...?”
Rintaro: “Wait! You there, assistant! What are you typing?”
Kurisu: “You’ll see. Ready? I’m sending it.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru has already set the microwave’s timer through the X68000. There’s nothing inside, but the microwave still operates. The countdown starts from 120.
UNSPOKEN: This is where the timing counts.
UNSPOKEN: We know that we have to open the microwave door during operation, but we still don’t know when to send the mail.
UNSPOKEN: For now, we’ll do them simultaneously.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu readies her finger on her phone’s send button.
UNSPOKEN: I grasp the microwave’s door handle.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri seeks cover.
Itaru: “Starting the countdown!”
UNSPOKEN: The microwave timer soon indicates 70.
Itaru: “3, 2, 1... zero.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu presses send.
UNSPOKEN: And at nearly the same instant, I open the microwave door.
Kurisu: “Kya!”
Rintaro: “MUHAHAHAHA! It’s working! It’s working, you guys!”
UNSPOKEN: Lightning crackles in the air.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Christina. Did you send two mails?”
Kurisu: “Eh? No. I only sent one.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii saw it too. She really only sent one.”
Rintaro: “But I received two.”
Kurisu: “You’re right... I even sent it in one sentence, but it got divided.”
Rintaro: “By the way, what does this word mean?”
Kurisu: “Why don’t you look it up?”
UNSPOKEN: I guess she doesn’t want to answer.
Itaru: “That reminds me. The D-Mail from before was cut up mid-sentence too.”
Rintaro: “Was it?”
Itaru: “Yeah. Look at your history. I’m pretty sure I sent ’Okarin’s a perv’.”
Rintaro: “You’re right. This one got split too.”
Kurisu: “I wonder what’s causing it.”
Rintaro: “Maybe it’s related to the jellymen.”
Mayuri: “Um, Mayushii wants to know why it arrived five days ago.”
Kurisu: “Good point. Didn’t the last one also arrive five days before we sent it?”
Rintaro: “Yeah. It did.”
Itaru: “Is there some kind of rule for when it arrives?”
Mayuri: “Let’s try sending more!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s right.
UNSPOKEN: Now that we’ve figured out how to send D-Mails, we should keep experimenting and collect as much data as we can.
Rintaro: “Alright, lab mems! Battle stations!”
Kurisu: “He’s at it again...”
Rintaro: “Our mission: to send as many D-Mails as possible!”
Rintaro: “Daru, man the X68000. Your job is to observe, adjust, and gather information on the PhoneWave (name subject to change).”
Rintaro: “Assistant, keep those mails coming! Try various patterns of text. Japanese, English, full-width, half-width, emoticons. The actual messages don’t matter.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m sure Shining Finger would be better for the job, but since she’s not a lab mem, I’ll leave it to Kurisu.
Mayuri: “What about Mayushii?”
Rintaro: “Your mission is to go shopping. Just buy some bananas for now. I, Hououin Kyouma, shall fund you!”
Mayuri: “Wow! You’re so generous♪”
Kurisu: “So I guess your job is opening the microwave.”
Itaru: “Whoa! You saved the easiest job for yourself?”
Rintaro: “Heh. No, my assistant’s judgment is sound. The key to a successful D-Mail is most likely the correct timing of opening the microwave door!”
Kurisu: “Uh, I was just kidding.”
Rintaro: “MUHAHAHAHA! Leave this task to Hououin Kyouma! I shall open this door with precision, boldness, and delicacy, as if it were the flesh of a beautiful woman!”
Mayuri: “Okarin, that’s naughty!”
Rintaro: “Furthermore, the current operation is top secret. You must not leak it to anyone. Got it?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri nods. The others are ignoring me.
Rintaro: “Now I shall give this operation a name! It shall be known as Op--”
Kurisu: “Don’t need one. Let’s start.”
Rintaro: “Wha... but...”
UNSPOKEN: You ruined my climactic scene!
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, assistant! This is an outrage!
UNSPOKEN: Afterwards, the D-Mail experiment -- its name is Operation Urd, though I lost my chance to announce it -- continues for two hours.
UNSPOKEN: During that time, every D-Mail goes back in time without a hitch.
UNSPOKEN: Now it’s time to take a break. We’re all hungry, and except for Mayuri, we’ve been up since last night.
Kurisu: “Go ahead and rest. I’m gonna have a go at it a little longer.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I sent you an email. Didn’t you get it?”
UNSPOKEN: Your sarcasm is not appreciated, Christina.
UNSPOKEN: You know as well as I do that my phone is still attached to the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!
UNSPOKEN: I disconnect my phone from the PhoneWave (name subject to change) while grinding my teeth.
UNSPOKEN: One more please?
Rintaro: “Stop screwing around! I’m the one who has to deal with Mister Braun!”
Kurisu: “But I gave you five days advance notice.”
UNSPOKEN: Well, yeah, the timestamp’s from five days ago, but...
Itaru: “Was he mad?”
Rintaro: “Yeah... I could feel his Killing Aura.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru turns pale, but the two girls don’t seem to care.
UNSPOKEN: They know not the wrath of Mister Braun. Ignorance is bliss.
Rintaro: “Anyway, no more experiments today.”
Kurisu: “Well, at least we got some good data.”
UNSPOKEN: Then Kurisu hides her mouth with her hand as she yawns.
Kurisu: “I’m dead tired, and my hair’s dried out. I want to take a shower and go sleep.”
UNSPOKEN: I sigh and take a boxed lunch out of the convenience store bag.
UNSPOKEN: It’s cold, so I toss it into the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and set the timer normally.
Mayuri: “If you want a shower, there’s one here. It doesn’t have a bath, though. Okarin always uses it.”
Kurisu: “It’s probably filthy...”
Rintaro: “I’d be lying if I called it clean. This entire building is in shambles.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, I refuse to use the same shower as Okabe.”
Rintaro: “I understand. Nobody will blame you if you don’t use it. Of course, since the three of us stayed up all night, we’re all pretty smelly. Heh heh heh.”
UNSPOKEN: Given the sweltering heat and the fact that we kept the windows closed all night, I bet this place is smelling pretty rank by now.
Kurisu: “That’s why I’m going back to my hotel once I finish eating.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu slurps her cup noodles indignantly. I bought them at her request. She was raised in America, yet she likes cup noodles? Strange.
Rintaro: “Celebrity bath time at a high class hotel? I want to come too.”
Kurisu: “Not a chance.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii wants to come too!”
Kurisu: “You can come any time, Mayuri-san.”
Mayuri: “Really? Thank you♪”
UNSPOKEN: I take my warm food out of the microwave, take a fresh bottle of Dr P out of the fridge, and join in on lunch.
Mayuri: “Hey, Okarin, I’ve been wondering, but why do you drink soda while you eat? Does it make it taste better?”
Rintaro: “I don’t really see a problem.”
Itaru: “Me neither.”
Kurisu: “Same. I didn’t give it a second thought.”
Mayuri: “Ehh?”
Rintaro: “You’re acting weird, Mayuri. It’s normal to drink soda while eating.”
Itaru: “It’s normal, duh.”
Kurisu: “No objections.”
Mayuri: “No way! You guys are the weird ones!”
UNSPOKEN: Well, I’m a pure Docperian, Daru loves cola like a typical fat otaku, and Kurisu lives in America, home of soda.
UNSPOKEN: So I admit our opinion is biased.
UNSPOKEN: But that doesn’t matter right now.
Rintaro: “Now, let’s discuss Operation Urd’s progress.”
Itaru: “Operation Urd?”
Rintaro: “Oh, right. Thanks to a certain assistant, I didn’t get a chance to present the operation’s codename yesterday. Heed me! These D-Mail experiments are all part of Operation Ur--”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “A D-Mail can be at most 36 English characters or 18 Japanese characters long. That makes experimentation difficult, so we’ll want to improve that first.”
UNSPOKEN: Furthermore, each D-Mail is split into 12 character segments. If you send 36 characters, you’ll get three 12-character emails. If you try to send more, everything after the 36th character disappears.
Itaru: “But we figured out how to control when it arrives. That’s pretty good, right?”
UNSPOKEN: Though we can only set it in one hour increments, we can control how far back D-Mails go by using the microwave’s timer.
Kurisu: “Observation isn’t enough. We need to find the underlying principle. What I’ve written here is nothing but verified phenomena.”
Rintaro: “The underlying principle... you’re right. It’s not a complete time machine until we understand how it works.”
Rintaro: “What could be the reason for the character limit?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru and Kurisu remain silent.
Mayuri: “Um...”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri, who has been staring at the ceiling in confusion until now, raises her hand.
Mayuri: “Chicken and bananas become ’gelchicken’ and ’gelbanas’, but salt doesn’t turn into ’gelsalt’, right?”
Itaru: “So much gel...”
UNSPOKEN: According to Mayuri, the refrozen chicken had indeed been gelified when she tried eating it. Kurisu’s prediction was right.
Mayuri: “And you can send 36 letters in a D-Mail, but everything past that disappears, right-?”
Mayuri: “So I think maybe you can’t send big things, or a lot of small things.”
Mayuri: “Maybe the Curb black hole--”
Kurisu: “Uh, it’s Kerr black hole.”
Mayuri: “The Curb black hole--”
Kurisu: “Kerr black hole.”
Mayuri: “...the black hole’s hole is too tight.”
Itaru: “Mayu-shi... say that one more time. Starting from ’hole’.”
Mayuri: “The hole is too tight!”
Itaru: “Outrageous!”
Rintaro: “Stop making her say stuff like that!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri has flowers for brains, so she’s easy prey for Daru’s perversions. It drives me crazy.
Kurisu: “The hole is tight... huh. That might not be entirely wrong.”
Kurisu: “Maybe we have the same problem SERN has with their time machine. Since they can’t fully control the lifter, they can’t make the singularities perfectly naked, which limits how much they can send.”
Itaru: “Anyway, 6 Japanese or 12 English characters comes out to 12 bytes.”
UNSPOKEN: English characters are half-width, so they only use one byte, but full-width Japanese characters use two.
Kurisu: “Bytes? Not kilobytes?”
Itaru: “Oh? So Makise-shi’s bad with computers?”
Rintaro: “Heh. Is that so, assistant?”
Kurisu: “Sh-shut up! You don’t see things measured in bytes nowadays, so I was just making sure...”
UNSPOKEN: By the way, 1 kilobyte is 1024 bytes. 1 byte is 8 bits.
Itaru: “Well, email isn’t just comprised of text. There’s more to it, like the sender and receiver’s email addresses, the header, and various other things.”
Itaru: “So roughly speaking, we can send data in three batches of 12 bytes, then? By the way, I don’t know if using a subject changes anything.”
Rintaro: “But I’m pretty sure that chicken and bananas have to be larger than 12 bytes.”
UNSPOKEN: How do you measure a banana in bytes anyway?
Rintaro: “Since each grain of salt is tiny, it’s possible they could be converted to less than 12 bytes.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “In any case, since the singularity isn’t naked, the object is forced to pass through the event horizon.”
Kurisu: “Inside the event horizon, space and time switch places, causing the subject that arrived at the ring singularity to reach ultra high speed...”
Kurisu: “The data, crushed and destroyed by super gravity, is shot out of the black hole...”
Rintaro: “As a jellyman.”
Kurisu: “But even a small mass has to pass through supergravity. How does it emerge unscathed?”
Rintaro: “If the hole is too tight, then just inject more electrons.”
Kurisu: “I don’t think it’s that simple. I mean, I’m sure SERN’s tried that already. And yet they haven’t gotten any results after nine years of experiments.”
Kurisu: “It’s not as simple as increasing the flow of electrons.”
Rintaro: “I see...”
Kurisu: “SERN has a lifter, but we don’t know what in the PhoneWave is filling the same role, much less how to adjust it.”
UNSPOKEN: She has a point.
Rintaro: “We don’t know what acts as the lifter...”
Rintaro: “But we do know that it has successfully created a path wide enough to send approximately 36 bytes of data through the ring singularity.”
Mayuri: “I don’t get it...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, finished with her chicken, looks at us in confusion.
Rintaro: “Think of it like an RPG. The ring singularity, the entrance to the event horizon, is the gate to the Demon Lord’s castle.”
Kurisu: “D-demon Lord...?”
Mayuri: “So the soldiers who went home as slimes are jellymen?”
Rintaro: “But there’s an exception.”
Itaru: “Combining soldiers? That’s just silly.”
Rintaro: “It’s to illustrate that the object can’t be too big.”
Mayuri: “I get it! That’s really easy to understand.”
Kurisu: “It is?”
Itaru: “It’s a dumb metaphor, but I guess it works? At least as an explanation for why things get gelified.”
Rintaro: “Heh. It’s all thanks to Mayuri’s hint.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii was helpful?”
Rintaro: “Yeah. Great insight, Mayuri.”
Mayuri: “Ehehe! Yay!”
Kurisu: “But it’s still a hypothesis. It hasn’t been proven.”
Itaru: “How would you prove it? With human experiments like SERN?”
Kurisu: “If Okabe and Hashida-san volunteer as test subjects, I’ll happily experiment on you.”
Itaru: “Human experimentation sounds kinda dirty. If you know what I mean.”
Itaru: “But I refuse. I’d rather play the doctor than the subject.”
Rintaro: “Same here. No, not in the way he’s implying.”
Kurisu: “Idiots.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives us a cold stare and shrugs her shoulders in exasperation.
Kurisu: “As I keep saying, the real problem is what the PhoneWave uses as a lifter.”
Rintaro: “That and one other thing. How come the discharge phenomenon and gelification only happen during a certain timeframe?”
Itaru: “We may not understand everything, but we’ve perfected the art of D-Mailing. Isn’t that our Final Answer?”
Mayuri: “Sending mail to the past is amazing, isn’t it?”
Itaru: “Though I guess it’s not a real time machine unless we can send people to the past.”
Kurisu: “Even SERN has failed to send humans through. If you believe what Titor says, it won’t be another, what, 24 years before there’s a true time machine?”
UNSPOKEN: I answer Kurisu’s sarcastic question with a nod.
Rintaro: “Physical time travel is impossible for us at the moment. We lack the funds and facilities available to SERN.”
Rintaro: “And yet we have realized a form of time travel. We’ve sent data to the past.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “And you can’t even say we developed it. It happened by accident.”
Rintaro: “Hmph! It seems that my assistant doesn’t know the meaning of the word ’serendipity’. Penicillin, X-ray machines, dynamite -- these inventions and more were all born from coincidence!”
Kurisu: “I guess...”
Mayuri: “But Chris-chan, you said before that time machines don’t exist, right? But now you admit they do!”
Kurisu: “It’s just that I have to admit it for now. If we investigate how the PhoneWave works, it might turn out to be something that only seems like time travel.”
Rintaro: “Does nobody have any respect for my grand declaration!?”
Rintaro: “Don’t complain if I take all the credit for inventing the first -- second, whatever -- time machine in human history!”
Rintaro: “The 66th Round Table Conference ends here. Dismissed!”
Itaru: “Wait, that was a Round Table Conference? I didn’t know that. And it’s even the 66th.”
Kurisu: “Who cares what kind of table it is?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up from her chair and stretches.
Kurisu: “I’m gonna go back to my hotel, take a shower, and sleep.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii has to go to work soon.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m incredibly tired too.
UNSPOKEN: Let’s just sleep today.
UNSPOKEN: But when I lie down, I find myself unable to sleep. Though part of me is still frightened by the dark secrets we’ve uncovered, the curiosity and excitement are too much to bear.
UNSPOKEN: We’ve built a machine that can send emails to the past.
UNSPOKEN: It’s like a dream, but it’s real, and it’s ours.
UNSPOKEN: As I start thinking of ways to use it, my imagination spreads out to infinity, driving the last vestiges of fear from my mind.
UNSPOKEN: I’m standing in absolute darkness.
UNSPOKEN: How long have I been here? I can’t remember.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t move.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t feel.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t see.
UNSPOKEN: The world is empty.
UNSPOKEN: A voice resounds in the blackness.
UNSPOKEN: As if whispering in my ear.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Then lets resume the experiments.”
Mayuri: “But won’t the manager scold us again?”
Rintaro: “Heh, don’t worry. Yesterday, I made this promise with Mister Braun. ’I swear there won’t be any more shaking today.’”
Rintaro: “In other words, the no-shaking promise only applied yesterday, so since today is yesterday’s tomorrow, we can shake it all we want!”
Kurisu: “That doesn’t settle anything. Why you’re so confident is a mystery to me.”
Rintaro: “In other words, Christina, you want me to erase Mister Braun.”
Kurisu: “No!”
Kurisu: “Besides, I don’t think a wimp like you stands a chance against him.”
Mayuri: “He’s so muscley!”
UNSPOKEN: Unfortunately, it’s impossible to experiment without shaking the building.
UNSPOKEN: I have no choice but to negotiate with Mister Braun somehow. The other four members look at me in anticipation.
UNSPOKEN: Are they planning to sacrifice me!?
Rintaro: “Is this the choice of Steins Gate? But how do I...”
UNSPOKEN: While trying to think of a way to avoid talking to the manager, I wander over to the window and look outside.
Rintaro: “Hm?”
UNSPOKEN: The street below is mostly empty.
UNSPOKEN: A girl is polishing her bicycle in front of the building. A much younger girl is squatting next to her, watching her work. They’re alone.
UNSPOKEN: I can only see the backs of their heads from here, but I know who they are.
Rintaro: “Hey you! Part-Time Warrior!”
UNSPOKEN: When I call her, Suzuha looks left and right while wiping the sweat off her brow before finally looking up here.
Suzuha: “Sup!”
UNSPOKEN: The girl beside her also looks up.
UNSPOKEN: This cute little girl is Tennouji Nae, Mister Braun’s only daughter. Looks like she came to play with her father today.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What, is she still tinkering with that bike of hers?”
UNSPOKEN: I can hear Kurisu’s sour voice from inside the lab.
Kurisu: “She was there when I came in, glaring at me.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like they’re still fighting.
Rintaro: “Hey, Part-Time Warrior! Where’s Mister Braun?”
Suzuha: “Mister Braun? Who’s that?”
Rintaro: “The manager of that junk shop you work at.”
Kurisu: “It’s not a junk shop. It’s a CRT specialty shop.”
UNSPOKEN: My assistant’s so picky. “Junk shop” was just a joke to add a little Hououin Kyouma spice to the mix.
Suzuha: “Oh, so that’s who you meant. Ahaha.”
Nae: “Daddy’s name isn’t Mister Braun.”
UNSPOKEN: The little girl diligently corrects us on her father’s name.
UNSPOKEN: She must not get the joke.
Suzuha: “The boss is on a service trip! I don’t think he’ll be back for a while!”
Rintaro: “Wh-what!? Is that true!?”
Suzuha: “It’s true! I wouldn’t be slacking off like this otherwise!”
Suzuha: “Ah, Nae, don’t tell the boss I said that, okay?”
Nae: “Then let me ride your bicycle.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s a blessing from the gods!
UNSPOKEN: I give my gratitude to Part-Time Warrior and shift my attention back inside.
Rintaro: “You heard her. This must be the choice of Steins Gate.”
Rintaro: “Mister Braun is currently absent. In other words, we can experiment to our heart’s content!”
Kurisu: “That doesn’t solve the problem, you know.”
Rintaro: “I’m telling you, it’s the choice of Steins Gate.”
Itaru: “Whatever. I want to try out the PhoneWave 2nd Edition v1.03.”
Mayuri: “Second attention verse erosion?”
Itaru: “2nd Edition v1.03.”
UNSPOKEN: How did we get to 1.03?
Rintaro: “Enough of your unsophisticated names. The upgraded version shall be known as Heavenly Merry-Go-Round.”
Kurisu: “The name doesn’t matter. Let’s just start the experi--”
UNSPOKEN: The sound of a camera interrupts our quarrel.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka has her phone pointed at us.
UNSPOKEN: How many times have I told her not to take pictures!?
Moeka: “...You looked like you were having fun.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles happily. Daru doesn’t react. Kurisu turns away in a huff.
Kurisu: “Hardly. I’m fed up with these people and their fooling around.”
Itaru: “This assistant is such a tsundere.”
Kurisu: “Who are you calling a tsundere!?”
Itaru: “Oh? Makise-shi, you know what tsundere means?”
Kurisu: “...N-no.”
Rintaro: “I think you do. It’s written all over your face.”
Kurisu: “Mmmgh...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bites her lip.
UNSPOKEN: So she is familiar with otaku culture.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder how she got that knowledge while living in America.
Moeka: “...Experiment please.”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s tired of waiting.
UNSPOKEN: She’s shown great interest in the time machine ever since we told her the truth.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, I made her promise never to write an article about it.
UNSPOKEN: I threatened to take her phone away if she breaks her oath.
UNSPOKEN: The PhoneWave (name subject to change) is ready to send a D-Mail whenever we are.
Itaru: “I’m setting it up so it forwards to Okarin’s phone.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru types my phone’s mail address into the X68000’s keyboard.
UNSPOKEN: We decided Mayuri was going to be the one to send the D-Mails, so she starts typing on her phone.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Yesterday was the 66th. Where’d the other six go?”
Rintaro: “Only anal retentive bastards care about the minor details. That’s why you’ll never be more than an assistant, Christina!”
Kurisu: “Like I keep saying, I’m neither your assistant nor Christina.”
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Kurisu’s complaints and proceed.
Rintaro: “In the first stage of Operation Urd, we tested the limits of D-Mail technology.”
UNSPOKEN: We discovered that we could only send up to 36 English characters.
Rintaro: “Today, we advance to the second stage. Practical applications of D-Mail.”
Mayuri: “Practical applications? I’ll send one to this morning so I can say ’Good morning, Okarin♪’”
Rintaro: “Like hell you will. Write that on the back of a leaflet or something.”
Mayuri: “But if it’s on the back of a leaflet, you won’t get it.”
Rintaro: “When I say practical applications, what I mean is...”
UNSPOKEN: I take a short pause to look at all four members. Then I lower my voice.
Rintaro: “Changing the past.”
UNSPOKEN: Shock ripples through the room.
Kurisu: “Now hold on! It’s too dangerous! Are you trying to play god!?”
Rintaro: “Oh? What’s so dangerous about it?”
Kurisu: “Let’s say you create a time paradox and blow up the world. What do you plan to do then?”
Rintaro: “Well, I guess we’d be dead.”
Kurisu: “You’re going to change the past so recklessly? Are you kidding me?”
Kurisu: “Don’t tell me... you’re not seriously trying to bring chaos to the world or whatever, are you?”
Itaru: “Nah, he’s all talk. It’s fine to ignore him, Makise-shi.”
Kurisu: “R-really?”
Mayuri: “Don’t worry! Okarin’s actually a very nice person. You’ll see!”
Rintaro: “I don’t remember asking for an appraisal, but I’ll answer Christina’s question.”
Rintaro: “My dream is to plunge the world into chaos. However, it is still far too early to bring that dream to fruition.”
Rintaro: “We can only send 36-byte emails. That’s not enough for my purposes.”
Rintaro: “Therefore, I shall set my ambition -- Project Chaotic -- aside for now.”
Moeka: “Project... Chaotic?”
Kurisu: “Did you just come up with that?”
Itaru: “Correct, Makise-shi!”
Kurisu: “YES.”
Itaru: “Okarin just says the first thing that comes to mind. He’s always like that.”
Rintaro: “Don’t analyze me, Daru! And you, assistant! Stop that fist pumping! You making fun of me!?”
Mayuri: “Um, so what are we going to do?”
Itaru: “Yeah. How do you want to change the past, anyway?”
Rintaro: “First of all, the purpose of this experiment is to verify whether or not we can actually change the past. So it doesn’t matter how trivial the change is.”
Kurisu: “Have you heard of the Butterfly Effect?”
Rintaro: “Of course.”
Itaru: “Yeah, it’s like that saying. ’When the wind blows, the bucket maker gains.’”
Kurisu: “Eh? No, it’s kinda like that, but kinda not...”
Rintaro: “A butterfly flaps its wings in Beijing and a storm happens in New York, right?”
Kurisu: “Yeah, that. Part of Chaos Theory.”
Kurisu: “Basically, any change, no matter how small, could have a significant effect on the future.”
Kurisu: “How do you plan to take responsibility for that?”
Rintaro: “Titor said that the many-worlds interpretation holds true.”
Kurisu: “And that makes it okay to change the past? You’re going to believe that self-proclaimed time traveler’s delusions?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Christina, you said this before, did you not?”
Rintaro: “When hypotheses pile up, and theories are verified, they become reality. That’s how modern physics comes to understand the truth of the universe.”
Rintaro: “You’re contradicting yourself.”
Kurisu: “No, I’m not.”
Kurisu: “We don’t even have a hypothesis for how the PhoneWave works.”
Kurisu: “We’re just fumbling around in the dark here. There are still too many risks to try changing the past.”
Kurisu: “We should wait until we know more.”
UNSPOKEN: Oh? So she’s not unconditionally opposed?
Rintaro: “You’re actually itching to try it out, aren’t you?”
Kurisu: “W-well...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu quickly looks away.
Rintaro: “Besides, didn’t you want to prove that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) isn’t a time machine?”
Rintaro: “If it’s not a time machine, then it can’t change the past. You could prove yourself right, so why are you against it?”
Kurisu: “Oh shut up...”
Rintaro: “And if you’re going to talk about time paradoxes, then what about SERN?”
Rintaro: “They’ve already sent more than 100 people to the past. Surely a few paradoxes have happened by now.”
Kurisu: “So you want to stoop to the same level as the guys that did those inhumane experiments?”
Rintaro: “We’re not doing human testing or anything, so relax.”
Mayuri: “Um...”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Mayuri raises her hand. She was staring blankly at us this whole time, so I’m a bit surprised.
Mayuri: “Um, Okarin? Mayushii doesn’t really get it, but what are you going to change?”
UNSPOKEN: Finally, some constructive conversation.
Rintaro: “My goal for this operation is simple. We, my friends...”
Rintaro: “Are going to win the lottery!”
UNSPOKEN: Everyone except for Moeka stares at me openmouthed.
Itaru: “I’m for it. If we win the lottery, I can buy all the computer parts I want and go to MayQueen for every meal of the day. We’d be stupid not to try it.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s my super hacka!
Mayuri: “Money? Okarin... that makes Mayushii sad.”
Mayuri: “We should do something that will bring peace to the world!”
Mayuri: “Like what if we give everybody in the whole wide world an Upa cushion?”
Rintaro: “Hmph. Peace, you say? Don’t be ridiculous.”
Rintaro: “I am the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyo--”
Kurisu: “And here I thought you had ambition.”
UNSPOKEN: Tch. I’m surrounded by idealists.
Rintaro: “Don’t get me wrong.”
Rintaro: “This isn’t about world peace and it isn’t about ambition. It’s about discovering whether or not we can change the past.”
Rintaro: “The easiest way to do that is to see if we can win the lottery, right?”
Kurisu: “But your primary goal is the money, isn’t it?”
Rintaro: “With that kind of money, I could say goodbye to this rickety old building! Muhahaha! I could get an office in Daibiru or UPX!”
Kurisu: “See? Just like I thought.”
Rintaro: “I won’t whitewash it. If we moved, we could experiment as much as we want without fear of Mister Braun. If we had money, we could build the Future Gadgets of our dreams.”
Rintaro: “And of course, we could buy a truckload of Mayuri’s favorite bananas.”
Mayuri: “A t-truckload?”
Kurisu: “No, Mayuri-san! Don’t let him tempt you!”
Rintaro: “Shut it, Celeb Seventeen!”
Kurisu: “S-se...? Serendipity?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “You live in a hotel off of your parents’ money. You could never understand the plight of poor students like us.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts on a sulky expression.
UNSPOKEN: “I’m 18 now!” she protests, but I ignore her.
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t matter if she’s eighteen. Celeb Seventeen sounds better!
Kurisu: “What do you think, Moeka-san?”
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: No reaction from Moeka.
Kurisu: “Um...?”
UNSPOKEN: Heh! Whatever my assistant was trying, it didn’t work. I have no idea what Moeka is thinking, but I’ll treat her lack of opposition as approval.
Rintaro: “If you’re going to complain, then suggest an alternative. A change to the past that would be both trivial and easy to understand. Got anything?”
Kurisu: “Um...”
Mayuri: “Hmm?”
Kurisu: “Let’s try changing the hotel I’m staying at.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s voice lacks conviction.
Rintaro: “How are we supposed to know the difference? If you want to stay in Uguisudani, do it on your own. That should be easy for a Celeb Seventeen like you.”
Kurisu: “Do you have to say it like that?”
Itaru: “Anyway, why Uguisudani?”
Rintaro: “Because that’s where all the love hotels ar--”
Kurisu: “One more word out of you and I excise your frontal lobe with a rusty scalpel.”
UNSPOKEN: Holy crap. A lobotomy? That’s mad scientist territory.
Mayuri: “Then how about we change my fried chicken to a different brand?”
Rintaro: “Nobody cares what brand of chicken you eat.”
Mayuri: “Aw...”
UNSPOKEN: Silence descends upon us.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Mayuri are still thinking, but I doubt they’ll come up with anything good.
UNSPOKEN: As for Moeka, I can’t tell what she’s thinking, or if she’s even thinking at all. She’s just staring at her phone, motionless. She’s not even typing for a change.
UNSPOKEN: Daru has already declared his support for me. Now he’s browsing moe news sites as if this whole thing doesn’t concern him.
Rintaro: “Even with a time machine before you all, this is all you can think of. You guys sure lack imagination.”
Rintaro: “If there are no other suggestions, we’ll use my plan.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns, but she doesn’t raise any more complaints.
UNSPOKEN: As I thought. She, too, wants to know if we can change the past.
UNSPOKEN: She’s a scientist through and through. And if I’m not mistaken, she has a bit of “mad” in her too! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: “It’s me. We’re beginning stage two of Operation Urd.”
Rintaro: “Yeah, no problem. I, Hououin Kyouma, shall take all responsibility. Heh, don’t worry. Nothing will come back to you.”
Rintaro: “Correct. This is my choice, and the choice of Steins Gate. Ragnarok is near. El Psy Kongroo.”
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone away and look at my lab mems.
Rintaro: “Now, begin the operation!”
UNSPOKEN: Nobody moves a muscle. They just look at each other.
Itaru: “Uh, what do you want us to do?”
Rintaro: “Are you incapable of doing anything without my instructions?”
Mayuri: “First, we need to buy a lottery ticket.”
Kurisu: “No, first we need a winning number.”
Rintaro: “Exactly, Celeb Seventeen! Now you’re talking.”
Kurisu: “Don’t call me Celeb Seventeen.”
Itaru: “First, we have to decide which lottery to go for. Think we should go for Dream Summer Jumbo?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “If someone sent me the winning numbers from the future, would I believe it?”
Mayuri: “Um, Mayushii doesn’t even know how to buy a lottery ticket...”
Kurisu: “That’s okay. I don’t think teenage girls buy lottery tickets.”
Rintaro: “Have you ever bought one, Moeka?”
UNSPOKEN: When I call out to Moeka, standing alone in the corner of the room, her shoulders twitch.
UNSPOKEN: Then she shakes her head a little bit.
Mayuri: “How about you, Okarin?”
Rintaro: “...I tried the LOTO SIX once.”
UNSPOKEN: I didn’t even get a penny.
Itaru: “Hey, LOTO SIX might work. I’m pretty sure they announce winning numbers every week.”
UNSPOKEN: A quick search reveals that LOTO SIX announces winning numbers every Thursday.
UNSPOKEN: They’ve also posted last week’s 1st through 7th place numbers on their homepage.
Mayuri: “Are you going to send this winning number in a D-Mail?”
Rintaro: “Exactly. Though of course, we have to mention it’s for LOTO SIX.”
Itaru: “Hmm, last week’s 1st prize was... woah, 200 million!”
UNSPOKEN: What!? 200 million!?
UNSPOKEN: I think my heart skipped a beat there.
Rintaro: “W-wait! 1st prize is too much!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “No, not that. 1st place would be... too conspicuous.”
Kurisu: “What?”
Rintaro: “Don’t you get it!? I’m being chased by the Organization. If we win 1st prize, the media will cover the event and my cover will be blown!”
Kurisu: “That’s stupid.”
Mayuri: “What if Mayushii wins?”
Rintaro: “No. Stage Two of Operation Urd does have its risks, just like Celeb Sev said.”
Kurisu: “Celeb... Sev? Don’t abbreviate it.”
Rintaro: “I’ll be the winner. That way, I shoulder all of the risk.”
Kurisu: “And all of the money, right? I see your plan.”
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Celeb Sev’s remark.
UNSPOKEN: The prospect of pocketing 200 million yen is certainly appetizing, but that would be too big a change to the past. 
UNSPOKEN: Just like Celeb Sev said, we can’t ignore the Butterfly Effect. We should flap our wings as softly as possible.
UNSPOKEN: I’m not scared or anything. Really.
Rintaro: “Anyway, we should aim a little lower. Daru, how much is 2nd prize?”
Itaru: “Umm, looks like it was... 23 million yen.”
Rintaro: “...L-let’s try 3rd prize.”
Itaru: “That was only 700,000 yen.”
Rintaro: “Yeah, that’s good. That should be about right.”
Kurisu: “You’re such a chicken.”
Rintaro: “Heh, heh heh heh! That’s rich, coming from the one who was so worried about the risk of time paradoxes. Eh, Celeb Sev!?”
Kurisu: “I’m begging you, stop calling me that. I’ll settle for assistant.”
Kurisu: “And don’t misunderstand. I’m still worried about what could go wrong.”
Rintaro: “I’m trying to minimize our risk by choosing an amount that’s just right. Stop being so stubborn.”
Kurisu: “...No, you.”
UNSPOKEN: I decide to let Celeb Sev have the last word.
Mayuri: “Um, could we fill a truckload of bananas with 700,000 yen?”
UNSPOKEN: Nobody said anything about using the entire dividend on bananas, but it looks like Mayuri intends to do so. Let’s ignore the glutton for now.
Itaru: “For 3rd prize, you need to get five matching numbers.”
UNSPOKEN: Last week’s six winning numbers were 02, 12, 19, 34, 35, and 40. The bonus number was 08.
UNSPOKEN: 1st prize is for matching all six numbers.
UNSPOKEN: 2nd prize is for matching five numbers plus the bonus number.
UNSPOKEN: 3rd prize is for matching only five numbers.
Rintaro: “Moeka. I assign to you your first duty as a new lab mem.”
Moeka: “Eh...?”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka stares at me. She clearly didn’t expect her name to be called.
Rintaro: “Figure out what to put in the D-Mail. It needs to convince an unknowing me one week ago to buy into the LOTO SIX.”
Moeka: “...Me?”
Rintaro: “You are the mail demon, so this should be right up your alley.”
Moeka: “...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “It’ll have to do.”
UNSPOKEN: We can only send 36 bytes. There’s only so much we can say.
Mayuri: “This mail’s kinda shady, huh? Ehehe!”
Moeka: “...I’ll redo it.”
UNSPOKEN: I stop Moeka from erasing the mail.
Rintaro: “It’s fine. I don’t think there’s any other way. Though it is kind of shady.”
Mayuri: “Don’t worry! Okarin loves shady things, so it’s perfect!”
UNSPOKEN: That’s not entirely incorrect, but it feels like she’s making fun of me.
UNSPOKEN: In any case, our preparations are complete.
UNSPOKEN: It’s hard to believe that this is all it takes to send emails to the past.
Rintaro: “The time has come. Prepare to open Steins Gate!”
Kurisu: “It’s been bugging me, but what is that Steins Gate thing?”
Mayuri: “It’s Okarin’s catch phrase♪”
Rintaro: “Steins Gate is Steins Gate. Nothing more, nothing less.”
Kurisu: “That doesn’t explain anything.”
Rintaro: “Don’t complain about every little thing. That’s not important right now.”
UNSPOKEN: I place my finger on the send button. My hands are shaking. I fight to keep them steady.
Itaru: “Starting up the microwave!”
UNSPOKEN: I swallow hard.
UNSPOKEN: The turntable begins to spin backwards as the microwave comes to life.
UNSPOKEN: The timer ticks down.
UNSPOKEN: 163... 162... 161...
UNSPOKEN: Change the past.
UNSPOKEN: It seems very simple to do.
UNSPOKEN: But just like Kurisu said, there’s no telling what might happen.
UNSPOKEN: I said I’d take responsibility, but that was just talk.
UNSPOKEN: If a time paradox does occur, it could do irreparable damage to the world I know.
UNSPOKEN: 150... 149... 148...
UNSPOKEN: How am I supposed to take responsibility for that?
UNSPOKEN: Lightning crackles in the air around us.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Stop it, perv.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru are exchanging their usual banter.
UNSPOKEN: How can these guys be so calm?
UNSPOKEN: I just sent a mail that may have changed the past.
UNSPOKEN: Why aren’t they interested in the result?
Rintaro: “Th-that’s right, the mail!”
UNSPOKEN: I quickly check my mail.
Rintaro: “The mail arrived a week ago.”
Mayuri: “Hm? What’s going on?”
Rintaro: “The money! Did I win the LOTO SIX?”
UNSPOKEN: I search my memories, but turn up nothing.
UNSPOKEN: No memories of buying a ticket. No memories of winning 3rd place. Nothing.
Rintaro: “Hey, Celeb Sev, did I win 3rd place?”
Kurisu: “Don’t call me Celeb Sev! And 3rd place of what?”
Rintaro: “...what?”
UNSPOKEN: Again, this feeling of disconnect.
UNSPOKEN: I approach Kurisu, who’s lounging on the sofa.
Rintaro: “What did you say just now?”
Kurisu: “Wh-what?”
Rintaro: “What the hell did you say just now!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glares back at me.
Kurisu: “Got a problem? I asked what, and then you just--”
Rintaro: “Not that! You said ’3rd place of what’, right!? I mean 3rd place of LOTO SIX!”
Kurisu: “What?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a puzzled look.
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t seem like she’s messing with me.
Rintaro: “Daru! I sent myself the winning LOTO SIX numbers just now. Didn’t I?”
Itaru: “Holy crap!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s eyes light up.
Itaru: “That’s brilliant, man! We can use D-Mails to make ourselves billionaires!”
Itaru: “I could buy all the computer parts I want and go to MayQueen for every meal of the day! I AM SO PUMPED UP!”
UNSPOKEN: ...This is wrong.
Rintaro: “Mayuri, you were gonna buy a truckload of bananas... right?”
Mayuri: “A truckload? Who’s gonna fill it up?”
UNSPOKEN: ...This is wrong.
UNSPOKEN: I look at Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: She’s staring at the floor like usual, but I don’t miss the confused glance she throws my way.
Rintaro: “Wait! What happened to stage two of Operation Urd!?”
Kurisu: “By stage two, you mean an experiment to see if we can change the past, right?”
Rintaro: “R-right! That’s it!”
Itaru: “Yeah, that’s why we’re all thinking.”
Rintaro: “What?”
Mayuri: “About what to send, so we can tell if the past has changed.”
Itaru: “I think we should definitely go with Okarin’s LOTO SIX idea.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii thinks we shouldn’t be so greedy for dough.”
Mayuri: “Ah, but when I say dough, I don’t mean like for baking.”
Kurisu: “I think we all know what you mean.”
Mayuri: “Really? That’s great! So, instead of being greedy, we should do something that will bring peace to the world!”
Mayuri: “Like, if we gave everybody in the whole wide world an Upa cushion, I think everyone would be happy♪”
Itaru: “The only ones who’d be happy are little kids and Mayu-shi.”
UNSPOKEN: What? What are these guys saying?
UNSPOKEN: They’re acting like I never sent that D-Mail with the winning numbers.
Luka: “Um... hello?”
UNSPOKEN: The front door opens slowly, and Lukako sticks his head inside.
Mayuri: “Ah, it’s Luka-kun! Welcome♪”
Luka: “Pardon the sudden intrusion...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako bows his head apologetically.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, Kurisu, and Daru go into welcome mode.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka... keeps staring at her phone.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with you, Okabe? You’re acting weird.”
Itaru: “Is the heat getting to him?”
Rintaro: “Sorry, Lukako, but I need to know. Where did you get that LOTO SIX ticket?”
Luka: “Um... you told me the numbers.”
Rintaro: “I... did?”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako nods with teary eyes.
Luka: “You told me to buy them because they might win...”
Rintaro: “R-really? When was that!?”
Luka: “A week ago...”
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, past me! What were you thinking!?
UNSPOKEN: This wasn’t supposed to happen!
UNSPOKEN: However, the past certainly has changed.
UNSPOKEN: ...Or has it?
UNSPOKEN: It seems like it has, but at the same time, the present seems to have changed too.
Itaru: “Wait, did Luka-shi win the LOTO SIX?”
Mayuri: “Wow! Okarin’s a psychic!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Why are you asking me that? You saw me send them.”
Kurisu: “I did? What are you talking about?”
UNSPOKEN: Disconnect. Our stories don’t match.
Rintaro: “I sent the winning numbers in a D-Mail just now. We discussed it and decided that’s what we would do. You all watched it happen.”
Rintaro: “Then the past changed. It actually changed.”
UNSPOKEN: I glance at the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: There’s no denying it now.
UNSPOKEN: That grotesque appliance, the bastard child of microwave and cell phone, actually changed the past.
UNSPOKEN: We have the power of a god!
UNSPOKEN: Though I still don’t know why everyone else forgot about it.
Itaru: “Hold on, Luka-shi! How much did you win!?”
Rintaro: “700,000, right? 3rd place.”
UNSPOKEN: I answer with conviction.
UNSPOKEN: However...
Luka: “Um...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako begins fidgeting.
UNSPOKEN: Something’s strange about his behavior.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You’re even more of a perv than Okabe! I’m not using ’-san’ for you any more!”
Itaru: “I’m not a perv! I’m a pervy gentleman!”
Kurisu: “What does that even mean!?”
Mayuri: “Hey, guys? Do you think Okarin’s okay?”
UNSPOKEN: I can hear voices from the second story window.
UNSPOKEN: And since we can hear them clearly from here...
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha starts chuckling.
Rintaro: “You heard everything, didn’t you?”
Suzuha: “Sorry, sorry. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but I just couldn’t help it!”
Rintaro: “Did you hear about the time machine too?”
Suzuha: “Oh, yeah. I heard. Way to go, you!”
UNSPOKEN: She strikes my upper arm in what I assume is a gesture of encouragement.
UNSPOKEN: What is “Way to go, you!” supposed to mean?
Rintaro: “You haven’t told anyone, have you? If I can’t trust you to keep silent, I’ll have to take extreme--”
Suzuha: “I won’t say a thing, I swear! Your secret’s safe with me!”
Rintaro: “Great. There’s just one thing I’d like to ask.”
Rintaro: “Did you see some kind of electrical discharge on the second floor just now?”
Suzuha: “Electrical discharge? You mean like yesterday’s rumbling?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Is there a problem?”
Rintaro: “No, no problem. I was just wondering what you were still doing here.”
Kurisu: “Nothing. I just wanted to think for a bit.”
Rintaro: “Can’t you think at your hotel?”
Kurisu: “What? You’re kicking me out?”
Rintaro: “Ahh, I get it. You’d be lonely in your hotel room, but you have no friends, so you want me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to look after you. Isn’t that right, you spoiled Celeb Sev?”
Kurisu: “You’re the lonely one, aren’t you? You’ve been acting gloomy all day.”
Kurisu: “Do you need some advice? I’m an outsider, in a sense, so it should be easier to talk to me, right?”
Kurisu: “A man getting advice from a younger woman is kind of *mumble mumble*, but if you’re fine with that, then just ask away.”
UNSPOKEN: Why does she have to be such a smart-ass?
UNSPOKEN: She even has a mocking grin on her face.
Rintaro: “I need to send some emails. If you insist on staying here, then be quiet and stay out of my way. Okay, Zombie?”
Kurisu: “Of all your stupid names, that one’s the worst.”
UNSPOKEN: Despite her complaint, Kurisu makes no move to leave.
UNSPOKEN: She sits down on the sofa and starts reading a massive technical book. On closer inspection, I realize it’s in English.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe my assistant isn’t a genius, but just an extreme studier.
Rintaro: “Want some coffee?”
Kurisu: “Sure.”
UNSPOKEN: I make some instant coffee for Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I take a fresh Dr P out of the refrigerator for myself and sit down in front of the computer.
UNSPOKEN: Alright, let’s do what needs to be done.
UNSPOKEN: I only hope this doesn’t get undone too.
UNSPOKEN: My plan is to follow Suzuha’s advice.
UNSPOKEN: Get in touch with Titor.
UNSPOKEN: After all, what I’m experiencing right now could have something to do with the many-worlds interpretation.
UNSPOKEN: Which would mean that the Kurisu sitting over there isn’t the same Kurisu with whom I discussed the LOTO SIX.
UNSPOKEN: And it would mean that this lab isn’t the lab where we discussed it.
UNSPOKEN: How can that be?
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with you? Stop fidgeting.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glares at me coldly.
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. She’s looking at me like I’m a perv again.
UNSPOKEN: I keep telling her I’m not a perv. I’m Hououin Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, why am I the only one who remembers what happened?
UNSPOKEN: That’s another question I’ll ask John Titor.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know if he’s a real time traveler, but he did help with the IBN 5100, so I’m inclined to trust him.
UNSPOKEN: But what should I write?
UNSPOKEN: Should I tell him everything?
UNSPOKEN: In any case, worrying about it won’t solve anything.
UNSPOKEN: Enough stalling. I take out my phone.
UNSPOKEN: I sigh and chug my soda.
UNSPOKEN: Now to wait for his reply.
UNSPOKEN: I check the @channel thread just to make sure, but Titor hasn’t posted recently.
Kurisu: “That was a pretty heavy sigh.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says without lifting her eyes from her book.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should tell her about how that D-Mail changed the past.
UNSPOKEN: And about how she seems to have lost her memories about it.
UNSPOKEN: Why am I considering talking to Kurisu?
UNSPOKEN: Because I don’t think Mayuri or Daru would understand this problem.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, on the other hand, might be able to form a hypothesis. That’s what I hope.
UNSPOKEN: Just then, my phone rings.
UNSPOKEN: Is it Titor?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Shouldn’t you answer your phone first?”
Rintaro: “It’s Daru. It’s probably something stupid.”
UNSPOKEN: Before he left, Daru said he was going to MayQueen. He had a silly grin on his face. There’s no way he’d suddenly call me for something serious.
Kurisu: “You’re really self-righteous, you know.”
Rintaro: “You might not remember this, but earlier, I changed the past with a D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at me.
UNSPOKEN: Her expression is more stern than usual.
Kurisu: “...I haven’t known you long enough to tell whether you’re serious.”
Rintaro: “It happened. And then everyone except me forgot about it. Or rather, the fact that it happened was erased from history.”
Kurisu: “The past changed, so the present changed with it? The Butterfly Effect, huh. But what you’re saying is nonsense.”
Rintaro: “Why do you say that?”
Kurisu: “Why do you remember that the past changed?”
Kurisu: “If you used a time machine to physically travel to the past and change history, then that might explain it -- barely.”
Kurisu: ”But with a D-Mail, you haven’t taken one step outside the present, have you?’
Kurisu: “So if the present changed, and we changed with it, you would have to change too.”
Kurisu: “Or are you saying you didn’t change because you’re the observer? In that case, you’re claiming that you’re not a human being.”
UNSPOKEN: I understand what Kurisu’s saying, and I don’t have the means to convince her otherwise.
UNSPOKEN: And that’s exactly why I’m trying to get in touch with Titor.
Rintaro: “...Everything is the choice of Steins Gate! This is the power of my magic eye, Reading Steiner! Muhahaha!”
Kurisu: “Aaaand he’s at it again.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs and goes back to her book.
Kurisu: “I’m not playing along with your games. I bet you came up with that Reading Whatever thing just now, didn’t you?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I should have known better than to approach Kurisu unprepared.
UNSPOKEN: There’s still not enough information, even for a mad scientist like me, to explain the things I’ve experienced.
UNSPOKEN: I bite my lip in frustration.
Rintaro: “Hello?”
Itaru: “Okarin! I’ve made a terrible mistake!”
Rintaro: “Mistake?”
UNSPOKEN: Is it about the PhoneWave (name subject to change)?
UNSPOKEN: Is it related to the phenomenon I experienced earlier?
UNSPOKEN: I gulp.
UNSPOKEN: I know it’s pathetic for a mad scientist to show anxiety, but I can’t help it.
UNSPOKEN: I lick my dry lips and wait for Daru to speak.
Itaru: “Actually...”
Itaru: “I left my wallet at the lab.”
Rintaro: “Wh...at?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe. You’re grinning.”
Rintaro: “...!!”
Rintaro: “N-nonsense, Celeb Sev!”
Kurisu: “Don’t call me Celeb Sev!”
UNSPOKEN: I was going to tell Kurisu the truth, but now I’ve changed my mind.
UNSPOKEN: The mad scientist Hououin Kyouma would never grin at the words of a mere hostage like Mayuri.
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “You look like a girl in love waiting for an email from her boyfriend.”
UNSPOKEN: She sure likes to attack me for every little thing.
Rintaro: “Are you really that desperate for attention?”
Kurisu: “Just getting revenge. You’re always making fun of me, so I deserve at least this much.”
Rintaro: “Despite what you may think, I actually respect you.”
Kurisu: “That’s rich. You don’t even say my name right.”
Rintaro: “I’m sorry about that.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts her face and stares at me in shock.
Kurisu: “Well, that’s unexpected... You actually apologized.”
Rintaro: “I do apologize. But I can’t help it.”
Rintaro: “For my brain has recorded you as my assistant, Christina, and I cannot correct it! MUHAHAHAHA!”
Kurisu: “I’m gonna crack your skull open and stick electrodes in your hippocampus.”
UNSPOKEN: Right after that silly exchange, John Titor’s mail arrives.
UNSPOKEN: I quickly open the mail.
Kurisu: “Who are you talking to?”
Rintaro: “John Titor.”
Kurisu: “Huh? No way.”
Rintaro: “He’s open to discussion as long as you’re not trying to troll him, and his mail address is public. This is the second time we’ve exchanged mails.”
Kurisu: “No wonder you keep referencing Titor’s posts. You believe him, don’t you?”
Rintaro: “Not entirely. But there are several points in his story I do agree with.”
Kurisu: “Really? I can’t see it as anything but fiction.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: The tone of Titor’s mail has suddenly changed.
UNSPOKEN: He thinks I have some kind of power?
UNSPOKEN: First, I feel a sense of pride.
UNSPOKEN: Next comes apprehension. Could this be a trap?
UNSPOKEN: In the first place, I can’t confirm if this is the real John Titor. And I don’t even know if the John Titor from 2000 was really a time traveler.
UNSPOKEN: If Titor’s worldline theory holds, then that could explain the supernatural events I’ve experienced.
UNSPOKEN: But this last statement is pretty hard to swallow.
UNSPOKEN: As soon as I begin to doubt, all of his words start to smell like lies.
UNSPOKEN: That stuff about the IBN 5100 might have been a lie too. That mysterious program code could be just a simple bug.
UNSPOKEN: Now that he claims I have special powers, he’s starting to sound like some new-age con artist.
UNSPOKEN: And besides, I don’t need Titor to tell me that.
Rintaro: “Muhahahahaha!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks at the sound of my laughter.
Kurisu: “D-don’t just start laughing like that. It’s creepy.”
Rintaro: “Hehehe, but I must! He says I have powers! Isn’t that rich!?”
Rintaro: “You don’t have to tell me what I already know, John Titor!”
UNSPOKEN: I snap my eyes open wide.
UNSPOKEN: I raise my phone high to the heavens.
Rintaro: “My true power... is the magic eye, ’Reading Steiner’!”
Kurisu: “Sounds to me like you’ve got a bad case of chuunibyou.”
Rintaro: “Eh?”
Kurisu: “Eh...?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hides her face in her book.
UNSPOKEN: She pretends to read, but I can see from here that her ears are bright red.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Beats me. A few hours ago, he was exchanging emails with John Titor, and then he suddenly got quiet.”
Kurisu: “And then he started ranting. He’s been like this for half an hour.”
Itaru: “He’s been acting strange all day, don’t you think?”
Kurisu: “Agreed.”
Rintaro: “Listen up, lab mems! It’s time to resume Operation Urd!”
Itaru: “Seriously? The manager’s still downstairs, you know?”
Rintaro: “Fret not. It’s almost closing time for the Braun Tube Workshop.”
Kurisu: “The PhoneWave doesn’t work at night, remember?”
Rintaro: “It’s worth a try! We need to figure out how late the PhoneWave (name subject to change) works.”
Rintaro: “At the same time, I want to see if the two of you can use D-Mails to change the past.”
Itaru: “Change the past...!”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I still don’t believe in the many-worlds interpretation or Titor’s attractor field theory.
UNSPOKEN: Actually, I’m starting to doubt them more and more.
UNSPOKEN: If we want to know how the world works, we’ll have to figure it out ourselves. And to do that, we need to experiment.
UNSPOKEN: One thing I’m sure of is that the mass disappearance in Akiba is related to D-Mails somehow, as is the strange disconnect between my memories and everyone else’s.
UNSPOKEN: According to Titor, I have a supernatural power -- the one I call “Reading Steiner.”
UNSPOKEN: My doubts about Titor’s veracity aside, I do need to determine if I am indeed the only person who keeps his memories when the past changes.
Rintaro: “Change the past to your liking. As long as it’s something easy to observe.”
UNSPOKEN: Preparations for the PhoneWave (name subject to change) are complete.
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s eyes wander to the ceiling in thought. Next to him, Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and starts gathering her things.
Kurisu: “I’m going back to my hotel. Show me your report on today’s experiment tomorrow.”
Rintaro: “Hold it!”
UNSPOKEN: When I grab her by the shoulder, Kurisu nearly topples over.
Kurisu: “Hey! What’s your problem!?”
Rintaro: “Who’s writing that report?”
Kurisu: “You, of course. This is your operation.”
Kurisu: “And if we could get a report from the subject too, that would be even better.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Daru.
Rintaro: “...Are you not interested in changing the past? What happened to your eagerness to experiment?”
Kurisu: “Did you forget what I said this afternoon? I’m against it.”
Rintaro: “But you were so enthusiastic when we began the experiments. You went along without a single complaint.”
Kurisu: “In your dreams, maybe.”
UNSPOKEN: I twist my lips into a grin.
Rintaro: “You’re not being objective, Christi... Celeb Sev.”
Kurisu: “If you’re going to correct yourself, at least get it right.”
Rintaro: “We’ve already performed one experiment. I changed the past.”
Itaru: “Hey! No fair!”
Rintaro: “Ah, but you were in on it too. But when the past changed, you forgot that it had ever happened.”
Itaru: “Are you talking about this afternoon? I mean, when you suddenly started asking about the LOTO SIX.”
Rintaro: “Exactly.”
UNSPOKEN: I explain what happened earlier this afternoon.
Itaru: “...You’re not joking, are you?”
Rintaro: “I’m serious.”
Itaru: “...Seriously?”
UNSPOKEN: One good look at my face, and Daru seems to understand I’m not joking.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, on the other hand, has a sour look. But she’s always like that.
UNSPOKEN: Why did everyone else lose their memories? Actually, did everyone else lose their memories?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “So why do you think you’re the only one who remembers?”
Rintaro: “You’re awfully persistent. I see why they call you The Zombie.”
Kurisu: “I don’t follow.”
Rintaro: “Zombies never stop coming. They’re persistent.”
Kurisu: “Cut the jokes. I’m serious here.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s glare is scarier than usual.
UNSPOKEN: I might’ve wet myself a little there.
Rintaro: “I think that the key is who receives the D-Mail.”
Rintaro: “Only the recipient himself is able to retain his memories. That would be my guess.”
Kurisu: “Hmmm...”
UNSPOKEN: Actually, that hypothesis doesn’t explain the mass disappearance in Akihabara.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, I still don’t have concrete proof that the mass disappearance incident was related to D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: We’ll never know unless we experiment.
Rintaro: “After Daru, you’ll send the next D-Mail. Think about what you want to write.”
Kurisu: “No.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu replies emphatically.
Kurisu: “I’m not sending one.”
Rintaro: “Scared?”
Kurisu: “That’s not it.”
Rintaro: “Then are you worried about time paradoxes?”
Kurisu: “Well, there’s that, but it’s more like a personal policy.”
UNSPOKEN: A policy?
Kurisu: “Changing the past feels like cheating.”
Kurisu: “I may only have 18 years of life experience, but I don’t want to change any of those memories.”
Rintaro: “I see. You’re perfect now, so you don’t want to change.”
Kurisu: “That’s not what I said...”
Kurisu: “I don’t want to deny who I’ve been. Because even my failures are a part of who I am today.”
Rintaro: “Even if we solved all of the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s problems, you wouldn’t use it?”
Rintaro: “Even if John Titor said you could use his time machine to travel to whatever time you wish, you wouldn’t use it?”
Rintaro: “Even if a blue robot cat from the future were to jump out of your desk and give you a doorway to everywhere, you wouldn’t use it?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods firmly.
Kurisu: “I wouldn’t.”
Rintaro: “But you love experiments. Don’t you?”
Kurisu: “S-something wrong with that?”
Rintaro: “So basically, you like to experiment on other people while you watch and cackle at the results! You truly are a mad scientist!”
Kurisu: “Why you--”
Itaru: “Done!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stalks towards me, but is pushed aside by Daru, who presents his phone with a triumphant grin.
UNSPOKEN: I take a look.
Kurisu: “I don’t get it.”
UNSPOKEN: Me neither.
Itaru: “It’s how Faris-tan placed her cards. Can’t you tell? You guys are lame.”
UNSPOKEN: Well, whatever.
UNSPOKEN: Preparations are complete.
UNSPOKEN: If this works, the mail will arrive at Daru’s phone 52 hours ago.
UNSPOKEN: The discharge phenomenon occurs normally.
UNSPOKEN: I close my eyes to shield them from the lightning and sparks.
UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail was sent.
UNSPOKEN: Daru should have received it two days ago.
UNSPOKEN: However...
Rintaro: “Why do I remember?”
UNSPOKEN: When I sent a D-Mail earlier this afternoon, everyone else forgot all about it.
UNSPOKEN: If Daru’s D-Mail changed the past, then the present should have changed too. Daru should be the only one who remembers that he sent a D-Mail.
Itaru: “Did the past change?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru looks around in confusion.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Of course I remember. What are you...”
Kurisu: “Oh, I see. According to your hypothesis, you and I shouldn’t remember sending the D-Mail.”
Rintaro: “Daru, did you beat Faris in the Faris Cup?”
Itaru: “...I dunno.”
Rintaro: “You said the winner gets Faris’s home cooking, right? Did you eat it? What happened?”
Itaru: “I don’t know... This sucks.”
UNSPOKEN: I check Daru’s send history. As expected, the D-Mail he just sent isn’t there.
UNSPOKEN: I do, however, find the D-Mail in his inbox. He received it two days ago, just like we wanted.
UNSPOKEN: This is the same thing that happened when I sent my D-Mail.
Kurisu: “...Maybe the past hasn’t changed?”
Itaru: “I’ll try calling Mayu-shi.”
UNSPOKEN: He’s the one who changed the past, yet he doesn’t remember what happened after the change? That’s odd.
Itaru: “Mayu-shi? You’re still at work, right? Is Faris-tan there? ...She is!?”
Itaru: “Um, can you ask her if I beat her in the Faris Cup? Did I get to eat her home cooking?”
Itaru: “...Who lost? I did? Oh... Barely took five seconds? Oh... okay...”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s shoulders droop as he hangs up the phone.
Kurisu: “I guess that means the past hasn’t changed.”
Itaru: “Why!? It changed for Okarin, right!?”
Kurisu: “Maybe your foolproof plan wasn’t so foolproof. Like, maybe it only gave you a slight advantage.”
UNSPOKEN: I had the same thought.
UNSPOKEN: Faris is supposedly a world-class player.
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s time travel cheat may not have been enough.
Kurisu: “Since Faris-san defeated you anyway, the past didn’t change.”
Itaru: “Yeah, but I mean, the game would’ve played out differently.”
Rintaro: “That might not be enough to cause worldline divergence.”
Kurisu: “Like Okabe said, you need to make a change that’s easier to observe. Or else there’s no point to this experiment.”
Kurisu: “Um, n-not that I approve of this experiment or anything.”
Itaru: “No, it’s not over yet. I can still fight!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts typing another mail.
Itaru: “One more time. I’ll try sending my past self some more advice. This time, something that’ll ensure my victory.”
Kurisu: “You really want to win that badly?”
Rintaro: “More like he wants to eat Faris’s home cooking that badly.”
Itaru: “That’s my Final Answer.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru writes another D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t bother checking what it says. I won’t understand anyway.
UNSPOKEN: We activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and send the mail through, just like before.
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
Itaru: “...”
Rintaro: “Oh...?”
UNSPOKEN: Nothing happens. No discharge.
UNSPOKEN: Usually, it happens ten to twenty seconds after pushing the start button.
UNSPOKEN: The timer counts down to zero without incident.
Kurisu: “...Out of time?”
Rintaro: “Looks like it.”
Itaru: “But my advice was perfect...”
Rintaro: “There’s nothing we can do about it. We’ll postpone the experiment till tomorrow.”
UNSPOKEN: I check the clock. It’s just past 7PM.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like that’s the cutoff.
Kurisu: “After I left yesterday, I was thinking. How exactly does the PhoneWave make time travel possible?”
Rintaro: “It works like the LHC. Didn’t you say the LHC was like a giant microwave?”
Kurisu: “If every microwave could turn into the LHC, then Japan would have black holes popping up everywhere.”
Itaru: “Whoa, that sounds worse than earthquakes.”
Kurisu: “I know it looks like SERN is able to create Kerr black holes willy-nilly, but that’s not supposed to be possible.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Cut that out! If you have time to be perverted, then go think about how to change the past for tomorrow’s experiment!”
UNSPOKEN: There wasn’t anything to do after Kurisu left.
UNSPOKEN: I tried operating the PhoneWave (name subject to change) a couple more times before I went to sleep, but the discharge phenomenon simply would not occur.
UNSPOKEN: Now it’s the next morning, and I’m sitting on the bench in front of the Braun Tube Workshop.
UNSPOKEN: It’s still early, but it’s already blazing hot.
UNSPOKEN: It’s as if I’m baking in the sun.
UNSPOKEN: Sweat is dripping off my chin.
UNSPOKEN: We’re supposed to be experimenting today, but not a single lab mem has arrived yet.
UNSPOKEN: After waiting impatiently for a while, the first person I see is...
Tennouji: “Okabe! Don’t you have anything better to do?”
Nae: “Good morning, Mister Okarin.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Good morning.”
Rintaro: “What did you say to the part-timer downstairs?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders.
Kurisu: “Nothing much. I told her if she wanted to say something, she should just say it.”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t think that’s nothing...
UNSPOKEN: She’s lucky that didn’t lead to blows.
Rintaro: “What did she say?”
Kurisu: “Nothing. She just groaned. I wonder what’s wrong with her.”
Itaru: “She’s jealous of Makise-shi’s popularity, duh!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru bursts into the lab.
Itaru: “She’s thinking ’If only I’d joined the lab instead of her. Then I would be having fun with everyone right now! I’m so jealous!’ or something like that.”
Itaru: “I’m telling you, man. 3D is hell.”
Kurisu: “If she wants my lab mem number, she can have it.”
Rintaro: “What!? The lab mem number you carry is the highest credential a scientist could hope to achieve! They sell for millions on the black market, but you would give it away!?”
Kurisu: “It’s not exactly a counterfeit passport. Also, shut up.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii wants everyone to get along.”
UNSPOKEN: Well, I don’t really care about their little quarrel anyway.
UNSPOKEN: Only one thing interests me now: the mystery of D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: We begin experimenting immediately. Even though it’s still morning, the electrical discharge occurs on demand.
UNSPOKEN: Things look favorable today.
UNSPOKEN: That reminds me. We haven’t talked to Mister Braun yet.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe we should come up with an excuse first.
UNSPOKEN: To be honest, though, I don’t care what he thinks.
UNSPOKEN: For we are at war! War against the Organization and SERN, the dark powers that rule the world from the shadows!
Itaru: “Anzai-sensei, I want to eat Faris-tan’s home cooking...”
Mayuri: “If you give up, it’s game over!”
UNSPOKEN: Unfortunately, Daru’s second D-Mail fails to change the past.
UNSPOKEN: I get the feeling RaiNet matches are difficult to cheat your way out of like this.
UNSPOKEN: Not to mention we’re limited to 36 bytes of text.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like we have to give up on Daru. He’s gone to drown his sorrows in the internet.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I don’t think that’s enough to convince her to--”
Mayuri: “Oh, that might work!”
Kurisu: “Eh...?”
Mayuri: “When I went to the vending machine today, I spent ten minutes wondering if I should get canned oden or canned ramen. It was really hard!”
Rintaro: “So a little push should be enough to make you choose canned oden! Alright, let’s go with that!”
Mayuri: “Okay! But before we change the past, I gotta finish this ramen first.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri starts shoveling the ramen into her mouth.
Kurisu: “What happens if you don’t finish it?”
Mayuri: “It’ll go to waste♪”
Kurisu: “Oh... of course. Ahaha...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clearly doesn’t know what to say.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri really is a ditz. I’m used to it by now, of course.
UNSPOKEN: I get the PhoneWave (name subject to change) prepped for D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: The content of Mayuri’s mail is simple enough.
UNSPOKEN: I just hope it actually works.
UNSPOKEN: We wait for Mayuri to finish eating her canned ramen, then activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: To send it one hour back, we input “1#”. In other words, we set the microwave for only one second.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if the discharge phenomenon will occur in such a short span of time.
UNSPOKEN: That’s something else we’ll learn from this experiment.
Rintaro: “PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!”
Mayuri: “Aw... I haven’t sent it yet...”
UNSPOKEN: There wasn’t enough time to blink.
Kurisu: “So one second isn’t enough for the discharge to occur. That’s what I expected, but it’s good to have proof.”
Itaru: “What if you try warming it up beforehand?”
Kurisu: “Warming it up?”
Itaru: “One second isn’t enough, right? So just run the microwave for about 30 seconds without sending a mail.”
Itaru: “As soon as it’s done, run it again with the timer set at one second. That should cause the discharge, right?”
Kurisu: “Any basis for that?”
Itaru: “Nope.”
Rintaro: “Damn. Mayuri, got anything else!?”
Mayuri: “Um, well... we could change the flavor of rice ball I bought last night...”
Rintaro: “Do you remember what kind of rice ball you ate last night?”
Mayuri: “Smoked tuna.”
Kurisu: “She remembers!?”
UNSPOKEN: Impressive.
Mayuri: “So let’s change that to, um... fish eggs!”
UNSPOKEN: ...Maybe we should find another test subject.
UNSPOKEN: Something is telling me we’re going to have to look outside the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I go for a walk to clear my head.
UNSPOKEN: After lunch at King Burger, I grab a coffee at the Starbecks on the first floor of Yodobashi.
UNSPOKEN: I left Mayuri and the others at the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I need some time to get my thoughts in order.
UNSPOKEN: I recall what happened when I sent myself the LOTO SIX numbers. The moment I sent that D-Mail, I felt a strong tremor, and then the world as I knew it “changed” slightly.
UNSPOKEN: The fact that I had sent a D-Mail had been undone.
UNSPOKEN: I know that because it had disappeared from my send history.
UNSPOKEN: However, it was in my inbox. The mail had definitely reached the past.
UNSPOKEN: What does this mean?
UNSPOKEN: The mail was received but never sent. Isn’t that a time paradox?
UNSPOKEN: Is that the reason why everyone else lost their memories?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What’s going on?”
Moeka: “...”
Rintaro: “No, that’s not the problem.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu peeks at my phone from beside me.
Kurisu: “Hmmm, I see.”
Kurisu: “I understand how you feel, but since this is an experiment, data collection should take priority.”
Rintaro: “Oh? We agree for once, assistant.”
Kurisu: “I-I’m not agreeing with you, exactly. If we don’t collect data, then we’ll never figure out how the PhoneWave works.”
Mayuri: “But girls have lots of secrets, you know?”
Mayuri: “You shouldn’t ask her to tell her secrets, Okarin. That’s perverted!”
Itaru: “Whoa! Is that where we’re going with this!?”
Rintaro: “Calm down, Daru!”
UNSPOKEN: I turn to Mayuri and Moeka, who appear to have formed some kind of mainstream girl alliance.
Rintaro: “We’re not asking you to send something private.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods firmly at my words. Looks like she doesn’t intend to join the mainstream girl alliance.
Kurisu: “Even if you want to send something private, you shouldn’t for now. We still don’t know how this thing handles paradoxes, so we need to be extremely careful.”
Moeka: “...Nothing private?”
Kurisu: “Nothing you want to keep secret, at least. Even if you mean well, the mail’s content might have a serious effect on the timeline.”
Kurisu: “You should show your mail to a third party and have them check if the content is problematic or not.”
Rintaro: “Indeed. My assistant said everything I wanted to say. I will add only that the experiment must go on!”
Kurisu: “...I wasn’t speaking for you. Don’t misunderstand.”
UNSPOKEN: Cheeky little...
Kurisu: “Experiments prioritize data over privacy in the first place. If you’re going to be a test subject, you need to be prepared for that.”
UNSPOKEN: Don’t tell me that’s the reason Kurisu won’t send a D-Mail herself.
Mayuri: “Really? Mayushii wasn’t prepared for that...”
Mayuri: “I’m sorry, Chris-chan...”
Kurisu: “You don’t have to apologize. I’m not criticizing you. It’s just how these things work.”
UNSPOKEN: I imagine some people might take issue with that statement, but I’ll refrain from saying anything. I’d rather not get my head chewed off right now.
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s expression doesn’t change.
UNSPOKEN: Same as always. I don’t know what she’s thinking.
Rintaro: “You’re a lab mem. You need to trust us. Save private information for another day.”
Rintaro: “If you can’t... then I’ll be forced to show you what lies dormant inside of the great Hououin Kyouma -- the terrible power of insanity!”
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka is already typing on her phone. My threat was ineffectual, it seems.
Rintaro: “Well, I can show you my arrival history.”
Moeka: “...And the send history?”
Rintaro: “Don’t have one. The send history disappears after you send the email.”
UNSPOKEN: I confirmed that after I sent that D-Mail yesterday. Moeka was there, but she doesn’t remember either.
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she understands.
UNSPOKEN: I show the mail to Kurisu too.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Cut the chatter and get started.”
UNSPOKEN: Gh, dammit. You’re just an assistant. Don’t boss us around!
Itaru: “What if the manager says something?”
Rintaro: “Muhahaha! Don’t be afraid of Mister Braun! If he storms in yelling, I’ll kick him to the curb!”
Itaru: “Seriously? Okarin, you’re so cool! That’s why we love you!”
Kurisu: “He’s just talk.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I’ll be the adult and ignore Kurisu’s insult.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka has already written her 36-byte mail.
UNSPOKEN: When I look at Moeka to see if she’s ready, she nods faintly.
UNSPOKEN: We set the timer to 100 seconds. The D-Mail should arrive at Moeka’s phone four days ago -- July 31st.
Rintaro: “PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!”
UNSPOKEN: About 15 seconds after activation, the discharge phenomenon occurs.
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: She nods grimly, an unusual show of emotion.
UNSPOKEN: And then, she presses the button.
UNSPOKEN: The world twists into unrecognizable shapes.
UNSPOKEN: The floor is shaking.
UNSPOKEN: Or is it me?
UNSPOKEN: My vision blurs and loses color.
Rintaro: “Guh!!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Shining what?”
Itaru: “Okarin. Japanese please.”
UNSPOKEN: I leave the development room and check the lounge, behind the sofa, in the dressing room, the bathroom, and the shower room. I look out the window at the street below.
UNSPOKEN: But Moeka is nowhere to be found.
UNSPOKEN: She’s... gone.
UNSPOKEN: No way.
UNSPOKEN: This is exactly what happened on the streets of Akiba.
UNSPOKEN: Why did she disappear!?
UNSPOKEN: Because I experimented on her!?
UNSPOKEN: Where did she go!?
UNSPOKEN: Did I erase her from history!?
UNSPOKEN: Did I banish her into the space between dimensions!?
UNSPOKEN: I start quivering in horror at the magnitude of my error.
UNSPOKEN: In a daze, I step up to Mayuri, who’s eating a banana.
UNSPOKEN: I grab her shoulders and shake her.
Rintaro: “Where’s Kiryu Moeka? She was here just now, wasn’t she!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Never heard of her.”
Rintaro: “...No way.”
UNSPOKEN: So I did erase Moeka’s existence...
UNSPOKEN: No... that can’t be.
UNSPOKEN: I won’t accept that I killed her!
Kurisu: “Did it happen again, Okabe?”
Rintaro: “What do you mean, ’again’?”
Kurisu: “Something like this happened yesterday. You remembered something we didn’t. Uh, what did you call it?”
Kurisu: “Oh yeah, Reading Steiner.”
UNSPOKEN: Yes, that’s the name I gave this phenomenon -- or rather, to my ability to perceive it.
UNSPOKEN: When the worldline changes, everyone’s memories are reconstructed to match. That’s what John Titor said.
UNSPOKEN: But somehow, I alone retain my memories even after the past changes.
UNSPOKEN: I named this power Reading Steiner. Kurisu remembered.
UNSPOKEN: To tell the truth, I just made it up out of thin air.
UNSPOKEN: But now that Moeka has disappeared, I want to believe that this power is real.
UNSPOKEN: It’s only their memories of Moeka that disappeared! Not Moeka herself!
UNSPOKEN: I need to contact Moeka. I need to make sure I didn’t erase her very existence.
UNSPOKEN: But I don’t know her phone number.
UNSPOKEN: The only way to contact her is by mail.
UNSPOKEN: I send her a message saying “Reply the second you read this email.”
UNSPOKEN: Now all I can do is wait for her reply.
UNSPOKEN: Please, reply...
Mayuri: “Are you okay? You’re really pale.”
Rintaro: “Y-yeah... I’m fine.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I don’t remember doing any experiments today.”
Kurisu: “You sent a D-Mail just now, didn’t you?”
Rintaro: “...Yeah.”
Rintaro: “But things are different from yesterday. I didn’t send the D-Mail. Kiryu Moeka did.”
UNSPOKEN: And then she vanished into thin air.
UNSPOKEN: Which reminds me. When I sent the LOTO SIX mail yesterday, Daru teleported from the development room to the lounge.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka might not have disappeared. She probably just teleported somewhere.
UNSPOKEN: I hope that’s it.
UNSPOKEN: In an attempt to calm myself down, I check my phone’s history for the mails Moeka and I exchanged.
UNSPOKEN: That’s strange.
UNSPOKEN: The mails she sent me are there, up until the one I received on July 31st at 12:43.
UNSPOKEN: But after that...
UNSPOKEN: The dozens of mails I remember receiving from her are gone.
UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail she sent to cancel the phone model exchange was set to arrive on July 31st.
UNSPOKEN: Did a time paradox erase Moeka from existence the instant she received the D-Mail?
UNSPOKEN: I shiver when I realize that I can’t find any problems with that hypothesis.
UNSPOKEN: No way.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...I don’t know. No one has experienced a time paradox, after all.”
Rintaro: “But before, didn’t you say something like the world would disappear?”
Kurisu: “All I said was that that was one theory.”
Kurisu: “Maybe nothing happens, and like in a certain movie, history gets amended to accommodate the paradox.”
Kurisu: “According to Dr.Hawking’s chronology protection conjecture, it’s impossible to do anything that might cause a time paradox in the first place.”
UNSPOKEN: So all we have are theories...
Mayuri: “Um, Mayushii doesn’t really understand...”
Mayuri: “But we’re all fine now, right? I don’t think that paradox thing happened.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii doesn’t know who Moeka-san is, but I’m sure she’s okay too♪”
Itaru: “That’s Mayu-shi for you. A cute dumb girl.”
Mayuri: “Ehh? Mayushii’s not dumb!”
UNSPOKEN: I’m amazed that Mayuri and Daru can have such a carefree conversation despite all that’s happened.
UNSPOKEN: They don’t realize the gravity of the situation.
UNSPOKEN: We might have erased someone’s very existence!
UNSPOKEN: In fact, if Moeka really has vanished, then that means the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is also responsible for the mass disappearance phenomenon I witnessed in Akihabara.
UNSPOKEN: What if I erased all those people?
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to consider such a frightening possibility, so I desperately shake the thought out of my head.
Rintaro: “...!”
UNSPOKEN: A mail! Is it Moeka!?
UNSPOKEN: I check the mail with hope in my heart.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “What do you mean?”
Kurisu: “I don’t know the details, but when the past changed, Kiryu-san’s actions these past four days changed ever so slightly.”
Kurisu: “As a result, the timeline was reconfigured so that Moeka-san didn’t come to the lab today.”
UNSPOKEN: So that’s why it looked like she teleported?
UNSPOKEN: I’m reminded of the teleporting gelbana, but I guess it’s not the same thing.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka didn’t become a jellyman, after all.
Itaru: “Is that even possible?”
Kurisu: “I don’t know. If the fact that the D-Mail was sent is undone, then it becomes a paradox of who sent that D-Mail...”
Kurisu: “And there’s one other thing that I don’t understand.”
Rintaro: “What?”
Kurisu: “What you call Reading Steiner.”
Kurisu: “By the way, you should quit it with that name. It’s stupid.”
Rintaro: “Hmph, I didn’t ask for your opinion.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m finally able to joke with Kurisu again.
UNSPOKEN: Well, maybe she wasn’t joking.
UNSPOKEN: But that’s none of her business.
Kurisu: “By your explanation, you neither sent nor received the D-Mail. Yet how come you’re the only one who remembers what happened before the worldline changed?”
Kurisu: “What if it’s all in your head?”
Itaru: “Like an imaginary girlfriend. I get it.”
Rintaro: “No you don’t. I’m not a ’gentleman perv’ like you, creating imaginary relationships.”
Kurisu: “Maybe this Kiryu-san never existed. Or maybe Kiryu-san does exist, but the fact that she sent a D-Mail was something you made--”
Rintaro: “Gwaaaah!”
Kurisu: “...eh?”
UNSPOKEN: I fall to my knees and press my hand against my left eye.
Rintaro: “Ugh, ggh... my left eye, Reading Steiner, it aches!”
Mayuri: “Okarin, are you okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri peeks anxiously at my face. But I lightly push her aside.
Rintaro: “No, Mayuri! S-stay away! I don’t... want to hurt you!”
Mayuri: “But Okarin, you look like you’re in pain...”
Itaru: “...He’s messing with us, right?”
Kurisu: “Y-yeah...”
Rintaro: “I-I’m okay... This aching is normal... it’ll end soon!”
Rintaro: “As long as I have this magic eye... the Organization will keep coming after me! It’s the power to see across time and space... but at the same time, it’s a double-edged sword!”
Rintaro: “Because of this all-seeing eye... I have lost my connection to causality. I drift alone in the space between worlds.”
Rintaro: “But even so... I swore to protect this lab! So quiet thy fury, Reading Steiner! Your time will come... but not yet.”
UNSPOKEN: I kneel and press my head against the floor.
UNSPOKEN: And then I take a deep breath, and gradually remove my hand from my left eye.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri rubs my back.
Mayuri: “Okarin? Does it hurt?”
Rintaro: “No... I’m okay now.”
UNSPOKEN: I stand up. Then I shoot Kurisu a sharp glare.
Kurisu: “W-what? That was just an act, right?”
Rintaro: “You are wrong, Christina.”
Rintaro: “Our experiments have already proven...”
Rintaro: “That I...”
Rintaro: “That my Reading Steiner is genuine!”
Kurisu: “Fine, I get it. You’re a chuunibyou patient.”
Itaru: “Eh?”
Mayuri: “Hm?”
Kurisu: “Ah...”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Wh-why are you all staring at me? Don’t look at me!”
UNSPOKEN: In any case, I’ve successfully deflected Kurisu’s questions about Reading Steiner.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Do you always stay the night here?”
Rintaro: “Pretty much. I wouldn’t be a true mad scientist if I couldn’t stay overnight at my lab, immersed in research.”
Kurisu: “I think you’re putting too much emphasis on appearances.”
Mayuri: “But you know, this place is really convenient. Mayushii would stay over if mom and dad let me.”
Kurisu: “Y-you would?”
Mayuri: “And it’s so close to work too♪ Hey, Chris-chan, why don’t we all stay over some time?”
Kurisu: “Sure, if the guys aren’t around.”
Rintaro: “That won’t happen.”
Kurisu: “Then why don’t you come to my hotel, Mayuri-san?”
Mayuri: “Oh yeah, we did make that promise, huh? Ehehe! Then let’s do that next time♪”
Kurisu: “You can come whenever you like. See you tomorrow.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu waves goodbye and starts walking in the opposite direction from Akihabara Station.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri doesn’t move from that spot.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, she starts doing her usual thing -- Stardust Handshake.
UNSPOKEN: She looks up to the night sky, raising her hand as if to grasp the stars.
UNSPOKEN: And with perfect timing, a shooting star crosses the sky.
Mayuri: “...Hey, Okarin.”
Rintaro: “Yeah. A shooting star. Did you make a wish?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri doesn’t answer.
UNSPOKEN: She keeps gazing at the sky.
Mayuri: “Remember how back in elementary school, you got a terrible fever and stayed in bed for a month?”
Rintaro: “Why are you bringing this up?”
UNSPOKEN: It was about ten years ago, at the turn of the century, when the world was in an uproar over Y2K.
UNSPOKEN: Near the end of 1999, I had a fever of nearly 40-degrees-C that lasted about a month. I didn’t recover until the new year.
UNSPOKEN: At least, that what I’ve been told. I don’t remember it myself. According to my parents, I was unconscious the whole time, tossing and turning. The doctors said it was a miracle I didn’t die.
UNSPOKEN: Because of that fever, I didn’t get to experience the millennium countdown event.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Can you stop that vulgar laughter? I can hear you from outside. It’s embarrassing.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu enters the lab with those remarks.
UNSPOKEN: She’s coming in late, like she’s a company executive or something.
Mayuri: “Chris-chan, tutturu♪”
Rintaro: “Mmgh!? You come here this late and dare insult me? And you call yourself my assistant!?”
Kurisu: “I’m not your assistant. Don’t make me repeat myself.”
Kurisu: “Anyway! You’re the worst, toying with such a weak and innocent girl. Aren’t you ashamed of yourself?”
Itaru: “Toying with a weak and innocent girl, you say?”
Kurisu: “Don’t react to every little thing, you perv.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s right. Christina doesn’t know Lukako’s a guy.
UNSPOKEN: Correcting it is a pain, so I don’t say anything.
Kurisu: “At any rate...”
Rintaro: “Christina. Stop eying Lukako’s entire body from top to bottom like that.”
Kurisu: “I-I wasn’t doing that!”
Mayuri: “Do you like the costume, Chris-chan? It really suits Luka-kun, dontcha think?”
Kurisu: “Is this that cosplay thing I’ve heard about? It’s part of Japanimation culture, right?”
Kurisu: “You’re very cute.”
Luka: “C-c-cute? No way...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s eyes get wetter and wetter.
Kurisu: “Why are you crying? You look perfect, so you should be more confident.”
Luka: “Uuugh...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t know, so she’s not doing it intentionally, but I guess that makes things complicated for Lukako.
UNSPOKEN: I should change the topic for Lukako’s sake. While I am a mad scientist, I also happen to be a perfect gentleman!
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh...”
UNSPOKEN: I comb back my hair with my fingers.
Rintaro: “Lukako! Tell us your wish.”
Luka: “Eh...?”
Kurisu: “That’s one hell of an acrobatic topic change.”
Rintaro: “Listen, Lukako! Your desires can become reality. Japan is a land of great spiritual power. It resides in every word that slips from your tongue!”
Rintaro: “Now that you too have joined the otaku world, you need conceal your deepest desires no longer!”
Rintaro: “Speak your wish with a true heart, and by the chaos that rules Akihabara, Steins Gate shall grant it!”
Luka: “My... wish?”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako puts his hands together in front of his waist and bends his head slightly to the side. His cheeks turn light pink.
UNSPOKEN: His bashful, squirming appearance with wet, upturned eyes would make anyone who saw him either want to hug him real tight, or smack him upside the head. It’s that damn powerful.
Luka: “Well...”
Luka: “If I tell you... promise not to laugh?”
Rintaro: “There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Just proclaim it to the world!”
Kurisu: “Well yeah, no wish is embarrassing compared to the idiotic wish for chaos to envelop the world or whatever.”
Rintaro: “You, assistant! What kind of person laughs at people’s wishes!?”
Mayuri: “Um, Mayushii’s wish is to eat a ton of of yummy food, and to cover the lab with Upa goods, and to get Luka-kun to wear my costumes--”
Rintaro: “I’m not asking you.”
Mayuri: “But Mayushii wants ’Shota in the Gate’ to grant her wish too!”
Itaru: “’Shota in the Gate’!? That mistake is god tier. Probably because it’s so... naughty.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Heh, heh, heh. Assistant mine -- no, Christina!”
Kurisu: “I’m not your assistant, and I’m not Christina!”
Rintaro: “You’ve made a grave error!”
Kurisu: “I have?”
Rintaro: “Don’t you understand? No, of course you don’t. How could you, with impure thoughts clouding your eyes!”
Kurisu: “Wh-what do you mean?”
Rintaro: “Allow me to explain. You called Lukako here a ’weak and innocent girl.’”
Rintaro: “But he’s not a girl at all. He’s a guy!”
Kurisu: “Is that some kind of joke?”
Rintaro: “It’s not a joke, but the naked truth as described in the Akashic Records! Muhahaha!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at Daru and Mayuri as if seeking help, but they nod with a knowing look in their eyes.
UNSPOKEN: As for Lukako himself, he’s just hanging his head in shame.
Kurisu: “...Are you guys trolling me?”
Rintaro: “Eh?”
Itaru: “Eh?”
Kurisu: “...Eh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly turns away as if to avoid my gaze. Then she walks up to Lukako.
Kurisu: “Is what Okabe says true?”
Luka: “Y-yes...”
Luka: “I’m... a guy...”
Kurisu: “N-no way! Someone this cute can’t be a boy!”
Itaru: “You’ve got it backwards. You’re supposed to say ’Someone this cute can’t be a girl.’”
Kurisu: “That’s not what I meant.”
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean Kurisu knows the meaning of the phrase “Someone this cute can’t be a girl”?
UNSPOKEN: So she is an @channeler...
Rintaro: “Lukako. You’re fine just the way you are. I will not reject you, be you man or be you woman. Nor will anyone else here.”
Rintaro: “And I will not deny your wish. Nor will anyone else here.”
Itaru: “Why do you keep repeating that last part?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, unable to calm down after learning the truth, starts touching her own face and checking her hair in her pocket mirror.
Rintaro: “Why, Christina. Is it such a shock to meet a man far more feminine than you?”
Kurisu: “I admit it. Compared to her... I mean, to him, I’m not as cute, I talk more rudely, and my attitude is worse...”
Kurisu: “This is a three-day-coma level shock.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she’s seriously depressed.
Mayuri: “Chris-chan’s cute too♪”
Kurisu: “Don’t try to comfort me. It just makes me feel worse.”
Rintaro: “Admitting your faults is the first step towards becoming stronger. You may one day become a splendid woman, Christina. You’re still young.”
Kurisu: “Who the hell asked you?”
Rintaro: “I take it back! You’re a stubborn fool who refuses to face the truth!”
Kurisu: “Shut up. I don’t want to hear that from you.”
Luka: “Um... sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako bows his head for some reason.
UNSPOKEN: His eyes are red and puffy.
UNSPOKEN: With such a cute girl -- err, boy -- on the verge of tears, Kurisu and I have no choice but to stop arguing.
Itaru: “Welp, better get my trusty digicam...”
Kurisu: “Don’t try to sneak in a photo session, you perv!”
Itaru: “Anzai-sensei, I want to be a low angler...”
UNSPOKEN: But still, it was just a whim to ask for Lukako’s wish. I hardly expected this to happen.
UNSPOKEN: So that’s how Lukako thinks of himself...
Rintaro: “Lukako, how serious are you about that wish of yours?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “But what about primitive people who lived on hunting? If that theory is true, then they would have had too many boys and not enough girls.”
Rintaro: “Humanity would never have made it this far.”
Kurisu: “I never said it was true.”
Kurisu: “I just remembered hearing it somewhere. Don’t snap at every little thing.”
Rintaro: “I didn’t snap. Christina, feel like verifying that theory?”
Kurisu: “...What are you implying?”
Rintaro: “Have you forgotten? We have the PhoneWave (name subject to change)!”
Mayuri: “PhoneWave-chan? It can tell if you’ll have a boy or a girl?”
UNSPOKEN: No way in hell.
Kurisu: “Wait... of course.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu’s got it.
UNSPOKEN: They don’t call her a genius for nothing.
Kurisu: “We can send a D-Mail to Urushibara-san’s mother when she was pregnant.”
Rintaro: “Indeed. Something like ’Eat more vegetables!’”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako, who doesn’t know what D-Mails are, and Mayuri, who’s just a little dumb, tilt their heads in confusion at the same time.
Rintaro: “You think it’s worth a shot?”
Kurisu: “Well...”
Rintaro: “It’s too late to hide behind your goody-two-shoes mask, Christina. Your fate is to become a mad scientist, for you are an experiment-loving girl!”
Kurisu: “Who are you calling an experiment-loving girl!?”
Rintaro: “Am I wrong?”
Kurisu: “N-no, but...”
UNSPOKEN: That settles it!
Itaru: “Hold on, man! What are you going to do if the experiment works?”
Rintaro: “What do you mean?”
Itaru: “I mean, if Luka-shi’s sex seriously changes.”
Rintaro: “That’s what he wants, isn’t it?”
Itaru: “Well, yeah, but...”
Itaru: “If his sex does change, won’t the 16 years of his life change too? That’s what I mean.”
Itaru: “Who’s gonna take responsibility for that?”
Rintaro: “That’s...”
Luka: “Um... I’ll take responsibility...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako raises his hand timidly.
Itaru: “Seriously?”
Luka: “Well, I don’t really understand... but if we use this method, I might become a girl, right?”
Luka: “Then... I want to try.”
Luka: “Please, Master.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Here.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu raises her hand.
Kurisu: “I want to give Urushibara-san my number so I can retire.”
Rintaro: “Denied. Anyone else?”
Kurisu: “...*sigh*”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru ask “What happened to 005?” but I ignore them. Moeka will always be 005 in my heart.
UNSPOKEN: No other objections emerge. All members are in favor.
Rintaro: “Very well. Lukako is officially Lab Mem Number 006. Henceforth, pledge your allegiance to the lab, and devote all your strength to the enrichment of our science.”
Luka: “Y-yes! I will! I’m so happy.”
Rintaro: “Now then, let’s begin the experiment immedia--”
UNSPOKEN: ...Wait.
UNSPOKEN: I suddenly realize something that makes me smack by forehead in dismay.
Rintaro: “Damn! Lukako, you’re 16, right?”
Luka: “Um... right.”
Rintaro: “So you were born in 1993...”
Mayuri: “Yup! The same year as Mayushii. What about it?”
UNSPOKEN: In order to tell Lukako’s mother to eat a lot of vegetables, we need to send a D-Mail to ten months before Lukako was born, meaning we have to send it to 1992.
Rintaro: “When did cellphones become widespread in Japan!?”
Kurisu: “Ah...”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu and Daru figured it out.
UNSPOKEN: Daru goes to google it.
Itaru: “Around 1996. There wasn’t mail until later, though.”
Rintaro: “So the year Lukako was born, most people still didn’t have cellphones.”
Rintaro: “Lukako’s mother may not have had one. In that case, she might not be able to receive the D-Mail!”
Mayuri: “Oh! I get it!”
Luka: “Eh...? We can’t do it?”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s face darkens. I fold my arms in thought.
UNSPOKEN: Some way to receive the email... in an era when cellphones weren’t yet widespread...
Itaru: “What about modifying it to send crazy waves or something?”
Kurisu: “What the hell are crazy waves?”
Itaru: “Waves that only crazy girls can pick up. You know, girls who always talk about stuff no one understands. It’s pretty moe.”
Kurisu: “I’ll microwave your brain if you don’t shut up.”
Itaru: “Yes! Abuse me more, please!”
Mayuri: “Um, couldn’t you put a letter in a time capsule and bury it?”
Kurisu: “That would go to the future, not the past.”
Mayuri: “Oh...”
Itaru: “I know! How about that thing where you get struck by lightning and that turns you into a girl! Like in old comics and anime.”
Kurisu: “There’s no point to the experiment if we don’t use D-Mail. Don’t lose sight of the objective.”
Mayuri: “We’re counting on you for a nice idea, Chris-chan♪”
Kurisu: “M-me? I...”
Kurisu: “We could... build a rocket which exceeds the speed of light squared, then that immense speed would reverse the flow of time, or something...”
Itaru: “You’re forgetting about the PhoneWave too.”
Rintaro: “Furthermore, genius girl, you just contradicted relativity.”
Kurisu: “It was just a joke. Don’t take it seriously.”
Rintaro: “Useless, all of you! This lab is a disgrace!”
Kurisu: “Fine then. Let’s hear from Hououin Kyouma, the insane mad scientist with an IQ over 170 whose brain cells are coveted the world over. What’s your genius plan?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Now we can proceed with the experiment.”
Itaru: “Luka-shi’s girl version... will definitely be moe.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, Kurisu, and Daru are already on standby.
UNSPOKEN: Sending a D-Mail to a pager.
UNSPOKEN: Yesterday, we argued about whether it’s even possible. Eventually, we settled on ’probably.’
UNSPOKEN: Data is data, after all.
UNSPOKEN: The rest depends on the pager radio wave stations 8 years ago, but it should be fine as long as our data gets through safely.
UNSPOKEN: We already googled how to send data to a pager.
UNSPOKEN: For the pagers back then, you would first enter the other person’s pager number, then, if in the Kanto region, enter “*2*2”.
UNSPOKEN: After that, you would enter the numbers to send. That’s how it worked, apparently.
UNSPOKEN: Pagers in 1992 could still only send numbers. Phone number display functions were also yet to be implemented, so your number was hidden from the other person by default.
UNSPOKEN: A few years after that, pagers started to implement Japanese character displays, enabling functionality similar to that of email.
UNSPOKEN: Therefore, the D-Mail Lukako’s about to send -- it’s technically not a mail, though -- has to be sent in numerical form.
UNSPOKEN: Naturally, I have a conversion table for that on hand.
UNSPOKEN: You can find information even from 18 years ago if you just google it.
UNSPOKEN: I was pretty worried by the lack of information on pagers at first, but that’s my little secret.
Kurisu: “Urushibara-san, you need to think about what to send to your mother in the past.”
Luka: “Eh...? I do?”
Rintaro: “If you want to grant your wish, then you must open the door with your own hands. We can only show you the way.”
Luka: “I understand...”
UNSPOKEN: We explain to Lukako the function of the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: The numbers we’re sending are one-byte characters, so we can send 36 of them.
UNSPOKEN: The pager’s number-to-letter conversion system uses two numbers to correspond to one Japanese character.
UNSPOKEN: Furthermore, since you first need to input “*2*2”, that means you can only send 16 hiragana characters.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako, understanding everything, takes out a notebook to begin writing drafts for the pager message.
UNSPOKEN: I show Lukako the site I found.
UNSPOKEN: It reads PAGER NUMBER AND LETTER CONVERSION.
Luka: “Umm...”
UNSPOKEN: Pager typing is commonly known as “two-touch typing” or “pager input.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s somewhat different from cellphone input. You choose the consonant and then input the vowel.
UNSPOKEN: The consonants are “A K S T N H M Y R W”.
UNSPOKEN: The vowels are “a, i, u, e, o”.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “That’s a little too direct. And it’s over the character limit.”
Luka: “’EAT VEGGIES FOR HEALTHY KID’”
Itaru: “Wait a sec. According to this conversion chart, it looks like you gotta use two more numbers for voiced consonants.”
Itaru: “So that sentence is four bytes over.”
Rintaro: “Then a little modification. How about ’EAT VEG 4 HEALTHY KID’?”
Kurisu: “Isn’t that a little too informal? You’re talking to Urushibara-san’s mother, you know? Would she understand the ’VEG 4’ part?”
Rintaro: “You have any bright ideas?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders and says no more.
UNSPOKEN: Then it’s settled.
Mayuri: “Come on, let’s type it out!”
UNSPOKEN: When sending to a pager, the number-encoded message is handled like a telephone number, so we enter the input into the X68000.
UNSPOKEN: The long, random-looking string of numbers is complete.
Rintaro: “Alright, we’re good to go.”
UNSPOKEN: Now we just activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and have Lukako call.
UNSPOKEN: The microwave timer is set to 154152 seconds. It should arrive around January 1, 1993. The margin of error is around 1-3 days, I guess. Leap year calculation’s a pain, so I ignored it.
Luka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s slender finger starts to tremble on top of the enter button.
Rintaro: “Ready? I’m starting it up.”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako looks at me with tears in his eyes, then nods faintly.
UNSPOKEN: The discharge phenomenon soon occurs.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako flinches and takes a step back, but then I see determination flare in his eyes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What pervy act are you thinking about this time? Can’t be too careful around the perv duo.”
Itaru: “We’re not a perv duo. We are a pervy gentlemen duo!”
Kurisu: “Whatever. Seriously, whatever.”
Rintaro: “Muh...”
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I can’t ask now. It’s really annoying that no one remembers.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to think about how Kurisu might react if I suddenly ask “Is Lukako a girl?”
UNSPOKEN: I should wait until I can get Lukako alone, and check then.
UNSPOKEN: But considering how his appearance hasn’t changed at all, it’s very likely that the sex change failed.
UNSPOKEN: In that case, what did Lukako’s D-Mail change?
UNSPOKEN: It’s just like the Moeka experiment. The result is different from what we expected.
UNSPOKEN: The real problem... is that we have no control.
UNSPOKEN: After I leave the lab, I head to MayQueen+Nyan² to think.
UNSPOKEN: Daru sits in front of me, waiting impatiently for Faris to bring our order.
Rintaro: “Daru. What do you think about D-Mail?”
Itaru: “It’s cool, but it’s kinda lame at the same time.”
Rintaro: “What’s lame about it?”
Itaru: “I couldn’t use it to win my RaiNet match against Faris-tan.”
UNSPOKEN: Now that’s a selfish reason...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What? You called me all the way to Japan, and now you--”
Kurisu: “...I knew it. You never wanted to see me, did you?”
Kurisu: “...sniff.”
UNSPOKEN: The street is dark and her hair is covering her eyes, so I can’t make out her expression.
UNSPOKEN: But from the sound of her voice, I can tell that she’s crying.
Kurisu: “Why did you ask me to come here, then? Can you at least tell me tha--”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts her head in surprise. She must have noticed me.
UNSPOKEN: She falls into an awkward silence, then turns and walks away.
UNSPOKEN: It looked like she was crying. I wonder if she got into a fight.
UNSPOKEN: Who could have made her cry like that?
UNSPOKEN: Even a friendless, experiment-loving girl like her can get a boyfriend...
UNSPOKEN: No! There’s no way such an arrogant, abusive girl can have a boyfriend!
UNSPOKEN: But, then who was it?
UNSPOKEN: A sibling? Or maybe her father who she hasn’t seen in seven years?
UNSPOKEN: I’m afraid to ask. Kurisu’s scary when she snaps.
UNSPOKEN: The memory of her baleful glare sends a shiver up my spine. I hurry to the second floor.
UNSPOKEN: When I’m safe in the lab, I start browsing @channel.
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t look like Titor has made an appearance today.
UNSPOKEN: The Titor craze that has dominated the occult board for the past week is starting to die down.
UNSPOKEN: In the end, it looks like I’m the only one who took Titor seriously. Just about everyone is skeptical of him now, especially the poster called “KuriGohan and Kamehameha”.
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I can’t tell Titor’s true intentions either.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Y-yeah?”
Kurisu: “I wasn’t crying or anything, okay!?”
Rintaro: “No, you were definitely crying.”
Kurisu: “Don’t be ridiculous! Where’s your proof!?”
Rintaro: “Your eyes are red.”
Kurisu: “Ugh...”
UNSPOKEN: Her glare weakens for a second, but then returns at double the intensity.
Kurisu: “I wasn’t crying, okay!?”
Rintaro: “You’re not being very logical, Christina.”
UNSPOKEN: In fact, she’s not acting like herself at all.
UNSPOKEN: Did she come up here just to claim that she wasn’t crying?
UNSPOKEN: She should have just gone back to her hotel and cried into a pillow instead of coming here to make excuses.
Kurisu: “Anyway, I wasn’t crying. Understand? End of discussion. Sniff.”
UNSPOKEN: That sniffle tanked any credibility she might have had.
UNSPOKEN: Even now, instead of going back to her hotel, she plops onto the sofa and hugs Mayuri’s Upa plushie to her chest like a little girl.
UNSPOKEN: For the next few minutes, she just sits there, pouting and staring at the wall.
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: If the TV were on, then we could have a little BGM for some distraction, but unfortunately, painful silence prevails.
UNSPOKEN: The only sounds are the whirring of the desktop’s hard drive and Kurisu’s occasional sniffle.
UNSPOKEN: Geez, what an annoying assistant.
UNSPOKEN: How are we supposed to get any science done like this?
Rintaro: “Christina.”
Kurisu: “Shut up. Don’t talk to me.”
UNSPOKEN: Your lips say “don’t,” but your aura says “please.”
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she’s begging for attention?
Rintaro: “Listen. You don’t have to talk. Just listen.”
Rintaro: “If there’s something troubling you, I’ll do everything in my power to help.”
Kurisu: “...Eh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me blankly.
Rintaro: “And it’s not just me. I’m sure I speak for Mayuri and Daru as well.”
Rintaro: “So don’t hesitate to come to us.”
Rintaro: “When you want to cry, don’t hold it in. Just let it out. We won’t reject you.”
Rintaro: “We’ll hear you out.”
Kurisu: “Why...”
Rintaro: “Because you’re important to us. You’re our friend.”
Kurisu: “Ah... yeah...”
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Kurisu blushes and hangs her head.
UNSPOKEN: She hugs Upa so hard, his face caves in.
Kurisu: “...I’m sorry. I was a little upset.”
Rintaro: “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Just tell me when you’re ready. I’ll hear you out.”
Kurisu: “...Okay.”
UNSPOKEN: She nods softly.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like my sincerity has reached her.
UNSPOKEN: Heh... heh heh... heh heh heh!
UNSPOKEN: Show a friendless, experiment-loving girl just a little kindness, and she’ll easily grant you her favor.
UNSPOKEN: How do I know that? Because I, too, have few friends! Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s help is critical to solving the mystery of the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: Now that my plan has succeeded, her petty private matters shall no longer be an impediment to our science.
UNSPOKEN: Normally I, the great Hououin Kyouma, would not concern myself with the mental health of my minions, but if this is the price I must pay to bring my dream to fruition, so be it!
UNSPOKEN: With this, Kurisu’s loyalty is assured. Soon, the world will tremble before us!
UNSPOKEN: After killing some time at MayQueen, I leave Daru and head back to the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Yeah...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply.
Kurisu: “It’s the middle of summer, but instead of going on vacation, I’m stuck in this sauna with a bunch of pervs.”
Kurisu: “Where did I go wrong?”
UNSPOKEN: She’s really giving us a verbal beatdown.
Rintaro: “Wipe your tears, you experiment-loving girl without a single friend.”
Kurisu: “I’m not crying!”
Kurisu: “Besides, you’re the one who told us to be here.”
Rintaro: “Indeed. But the one who obeyed my orders and arrived on time... was you.”
Mayuri: “You know, Chris-chan is actually a very honest and hardworking girl. That’s what Mayushii thinks♪”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri smiles as she eats some nuggets from McD’s.
Mayuri: “That’s what makes her so adorable.”
Kurisu: “Eh, wha...!?”
Kurisu: “How can this girl say something like that while eating a nugget...”
UNSPOKEN: Don’t let it bother you. That’s just Mayuri’s nature.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve been with her for a long time, so I’m used to it.
Itaru: “A yuri flag. I get it.”
Kurisu: “Please unget it.”
Mayuri: “Here, Chris-chan. Have a nugget.”
Kurisu: “Th-thanks...”
UNSPOKEN: While listening to their heartwarming banter, I go to put my laundry on the table. However--
Kurisu: “Don’t put that there. It’s filthy.”
Rintaro: “I just washed them!”
Kurisu: “Like I care. What kind of guy puts his underwear in a girl’s face? Have some decency.”
Rintaro: “If you’re that interested in my underwear, then just say so.”
Kurisu: “Wh-wha...!”
Kurisu: “I’m not interested at all!”
Mayuri: “Come on, guys. No more talking about underwear. Mayushii’s trying to eat here, okay?”
Itaru: “How can you say that when you’re still shoveling nuggets into your mouth...”
Rintaro: “Don’t interrupt me!”
UNSPOKEN: I end up putting my laundry in the changing room.
Rintaro: “As I explained to Daru yesterday, I’ve noticed something about the results of our experiments!”
Rintaro: “D-Mails have too many uncertain variables. We can never be sure what will happen when we send one.”
Kurisu: “It’s not like we can do anything about that. After all, the result is up to whoever receives the mail.”
Kurisu: “Of course, if you can analyze the recipient’s psychology, then you might be able to manipulate them into doing what you want.”
Kurisu: “Though that might be a bit too much for Hououin Underwear here.”
Itaru: “You just wanted to say underwear, didn’t you?”
Rintaro: “Underwear aside, the fact is that D-Mail is still far from complete.”
UNSPOKEN: I need a more reliable time machine before I can expose SERN and the Organization and plunge the world into chaos.
Rintaro: “And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I called you here today. The purpose of today’s Round Table Conference is--”
Itaru: “Another Round Table?”
Kurisu: “If you want a Round Table Conference that much, at least go buy a round table.”
Mayuri: “Remember what Okarin said, Chris-chan? The round table is in our hearts.”
Kurisu: “Mayuri-san, you’re really innocent. But you shouldn’t take everything Okabe says seriously.”
Mayuri: “Really?”
Rintaro: “The round table doesn’t matter now. More importantly, the purpose of today’s meeting...”
Rintaro: “Is to explore methods of true physical time travel, not just D-Mail, with the objective of sending someone to the past like SERN has.”
Kurisu: “Don’t be ridiculous.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Isn’t it too early to give up? Haven’t we already succeeded with D-Mail, a first in human history?”
Itaru: “But we’re not the first. Didn’t SERN do it before us?”
Rintaro: “Humanity’s first time-traveling email. For we who have achieved that miracle, nothing is impossible!”
Kurisu: “Such baseless confidence. Anyway, wasn’t it just a coincidence that we discovered D-Mail?”
Kurisu: “We still haven’t figured out what’s functioning as the lifter.”
Rintaro: “We just need to figure that out, don’t we?”
Kurisu: “It’s futile.”
Kurisu: “How do you solve a problem that even SERN can’t figure out?”
Kurisu: “If you can’t set the destination, then you don’t know where you’ll leap to.”
Itaru: “I’ll pass on leaping into deep space, thanks.”
UNSPOKEN: That is a problem.
UNSPOKEN: If you can’t control where you’ll end up, your time machine is worthless.
Rintaro: “Wait a second.”
Rintaro: “We don’t set the destination when we send a D-Mail, yet it still arrives where it’s supposed to. How do you explain that?”
Kurisu: “Now that you mention it...”
Itaru: “You set the mail address, right? Isn’t that enough?”
Kurisu: “Is it? I don’t think a phone signal can be received from millions of kilometers away.”
Mayuri: “I bet you’d get a busy signal or something!”
UNSPOKEN: I stare at my phone.
Rintaro: “Maybe our cellphones are acting like black holes and white holes.”
Kurisu: “You shouldn’t speculate like that. You have zero basis.”
Rintaro: “Is it possible that we form a wormhole?”
Kurisu: “No wormholes have ever been confirmed to exist.”
UNSPOKEN: I groan.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru fall silent. The problem has them stumped too.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s the only one smiling. She probably doesn’t understand and is just smiling because she feels like it.
Rintaro: “In any case, the cold, hard truth is that D-Mails arrive precisely when and where we want them to. We’re ahead of SERN in that regard.”
Rintaro: “Now, can we apply D-Mail technology to physical time travel?”
Itaru: “But with D-Mails, you can only send 36 bytes of data.”
Itaru: “No way you can send a whole person with that kind of limit.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s the same problem that SERN is having, and the reason their subjects turn into jellymen.
Kurisu: “If you want to become GelOkarin, I’m not stopping you.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Recalling the fate of SERN’s researchers makes my skin crawl.
UNSPOKEN: Kerr black holes. Ring singularities. Super gravitational space-time distortions.
UNSPOKEN: If you can adjust the lifter’s volume of electron injection, you might be able to make the ring singularities naked.
UNSPOKEN: But even SERN is having a hard time controlling the lifter. Even if we do figure out what’s functioning as the lifter in our time machine, I doubt we’ll be able to solve the problem easily.
UNSPOKEN: Meaning that at present, we can only send a mere 36 bytes of data.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder how much data there is in a human body.
UNSPOKEN: I bet it’s more than an exabyte...
Kurisu: “It would be best to leave physical transfer aside for now. Sending data through time is an amazing feat by itself. We should be satisfied with what we’ve got.”
UNSPOKEN: Sending data through time is enough, huh?
Rintaro: “Such pessimism is unbecoming of a scientist sworn to uncover the secrets of the universe.”
Kurisu: “I’m telling you to know your limits.”
Kurisu: “If you’re going to uncover the secrets of the universe, you need personnel, equipment, and funding to rival SERN’s.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...If we make an official announcement, the Organization will become aware of my existence.”
Kurisu: “Oh come on! I’m being serious here. This isn’t the time for your childish--”
Rintaro: “And we’ve hacked into SERN.”
Rintaro: “Those heartless bastards will do anything, even experiment on human beings. And behind them is a power greater than all the nations of the Earth.”
Rintaro: “If we make the PhoneWave (name subject to change) public, they might have us erased.”
Kurisu: “...You watch too many movies.”
Rintaro: “The name ’Committee of 300’ appeared in actual SERN documents.”
Kurisu: “Yeah, but...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s tone weakens.
Mayuri: “Mayushii’s kinda scared...”
Itaru: “If they find out about our hacking, they’ll seriously have us killed. I didn’t make any mistakes that could give us away, of course.”
Rintaro: “Also, and this is the biggest problem--”
UNSPOKEN: I lower my voice and look hard at each one of them in turn.
Rintaro: “If we go public, we won’t be able to do cool stuff with D-Mails anymore!”
Kurisu: “Why you...”
Rintaro: “Muhahaha! No way I’m giving up such an awesome machine!”
Rintaro: “I am Hououin Kyouma! The insane mad scientist who rules space and time! What I desire is -- that’s right -- CHAOS!”
Kurisu: “This guy’s hopeless. Better do something quick.”
Itaru: “Eh?”
Rintaro: “Hm?”
Mayuri: “Hwe?”
Kurisu: “Ah...”
UNSPOKEN: Everybody freezes.
Rintaro: “Christina. Are you an @channe--”
Kurisu: “Shut up! I’m not, okay!?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me her sharpest glare yet.
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes are so cold, my spine turns to ice.
UNSPOKEN: I nod and swallow what I was going to say.
Rintaro: “Th-that reminds me, Daru. Have you made any progress hacking into SERN?”
UNSPOKEN: He did say it would take time to learn how to use the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: But I know he’s been coming to the lab every day to work on it.
UNSPOKEN: His monitor is always displaying some kind of program, and his fingers are always busy on the keyboard.
Itaru: “Yeah, right now I’m combing SERN’s massive database.”
Itaru: “It would take years to read it all. For now, I’ve passed everything that looks important to Makise-shi for translation.”
Itaru: “Basically, I’ve gone as deep as I can go.”
Itaru: “SERN belongs to me now.”
Rintaro: “Thank goodness you’re on my side.”
UNSPOKEN: If only you weren’t so weak to seduction.
Rintaro: “Christina. Report on the status of these translations.”
Kurisu: “Can you stop talking like that? It’s pretentious and annoying as hell.”
Mayuri: “Hell☆”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a cute, idol-like pose and smiles for some reason.
Mayuri: “Um, Chris-chan, as Okarin’s childhood friend, I promise you’ll get used to how he talks eventually.”
Kurisu: “I just hope it doesn’t take ten years...”
Rintaro: “So you’re saying you want to stay with me for ten years? In other words, you want to work at this lab for the rest of your--”
Kurisu: “It was sarcasm, get it? Sarcasm.”
Rintaro: “...Oh.”
Rintaro: “Give me your report, Christina. If you don’t, I’ll call you an ’@channeler’--”
Kurisu: “Didn’t you hear me the first time!?”
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me again. My blood goes cold.
Kurisu: “I’ve been working on the translation when I have time, but so far I haven’t seen anything new about time travel.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What? No way.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s stunned.
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, so am I.
Mayuri: “Is that amazing?”
Kurisu: “It’s not amazing. It’s downright outrageous!”
Kurisu: “Super Hacka, what a monster!”
Rintaro: “Hey, Christina. Are you doing that on purpose?”
Kurisu: “Ugh... d-doing what?”
UNSPOKEN: She’s an @channeler. No doubt about it.
Itaru: “Anyway, I’m just doing it for laughs. It’s not like we have any reason to use the LHC.”
Rintaro: “It sounds like things are going smoothly. When do you begin stage three of the operation?”
Itaru: “What’s stage three?”
Rintaro: “SERN’s most secret, forbidden domain. We’re going to free the darkness hidden inside.”
Itaru: “In Japanese please.”
Rintaro: “The IBN 5100 database. I’m asking if you’ve started hacking it yet.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru frowns.
Itaru: “We can’t, remember?”
Rintaro: “You said all we needed was an IBN 5100 of our own!”
Itaru: “Right. That’s the problem. We can’t do anything without one.”
Rintaro: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Again, this feeling of disconnect.
UNSPOKEN: The conversation isn’t making sense.
Rintaro: “But I got you an IBN 5100. You haven’t started working on it yet?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “First I’ve heard of it.”
Rintaro: “Impossible!”
UNSPOKEN: That just can’t be!
UNSPOKEN: I dash into the development room.
UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100 I borrowed from Yanabayashi Shrine should be on the shelf inside. It’s in a cardboard box, and it weighs 25 kilos, too heavy for a single person to carry.
UNSPOKEN: But when I go to look...
Rintaro: “...It’s gone.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s no longer where I left it.
Rintaro: “The IBN 5100 was right here! Where did it go!?”
UNSPOKEN: Everyone looks at me in surprise.
Rintaro: “Why are you staring at me like that!? The legendary PC that was donated to Yanabayashi Shrine!! You’ve seen it! Remember!?”
Mayuri: “I don’t remember.”
Itaru: “Donated to Yanabayashi Shrine? That’s stupid.”
Kurisu: “You sure you weren’t hallucinating? It’s hot these days.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Despair drags me down like quicksand.
UNSPOKEN: We can’t hack that database without the IBN 5100!
UNSPOKEN: Who stole it? The Organization? SERN?
UNSPOKEN: SERN is a possibility. Maybe they noticed our hacking and stole the IBN 5100 from the lab.
UNSPOKEN: No no no.
UNSPOKEN: Even if they could steal the IBN 5100 from the lab, they can’t steal Mayuri and Daru’s memories of it!
UNSPOKEN: What happened!?
UNSPOKEN: Kiryu Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should check with her first.
UNSPOKEN: Could someone other than Moeka have stolen the IBN 5100?
UNSPOKEN: I consider the possibilities.
UNSPOKEN: The next name that comes to mind is--
Rintaro: “Don’t tell me it was John Titor!?”
Rintaro: “Of course! Titor’s goal was to obtain an IBN 5100! And I’ve already contacted him several times. But how did he get my personal information!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Y-yeah...”
UNSPOKEN: I wipe my sweat with a handkerchief, then slowly explain the purpose of the IBN 5100 and how I came to obtain one.
UNSPOKEN: While I’m trying to decide whether I should send the mail, Kurisu tells me to calm down.
UNSPOKEN: A high school girl is chiding me... She dares make a fool of Hououin Kyouma!?
UNSPOKEN: Irritated, I explain the purpose of the IBN 5100 and how I came to obtain one.
UNSPOKEN: During that time, I also send Moeka a mail for confirmation.
Kurisu: “Hmmm...”
Kurisu: “The IBN 5100 may have disappeared as a result of changes someone made to the past.”
Rintaro: “Ohh! So you believe me!”
Kurisu: “But from my perspective, all of the D-Mails we sent so far were trivial.”
Mayuri: “Um, there’s that one we sent when we first realized PhoneWave-chan was a time machine, right?”
Itaru: “The one that said ’Okarin is a perv’.”
Kurisu: “And during the preliminary D-Mail experiments, I sent dozens to Okabe’s phone. But they were all insubstantial, so I don’t think they could’ve changed the past.”
Itaru: “I sent two of them when I was trying to win the match against Faris.”
Kurisu: “There was one more. The first mail Okabe accidentally sent that said I was dead.”
Rintaro: “But from my perspective, we sent several more.”
Mayuri: “You mean how you sent the winning LOTO SIX numbers? And how Luka-chan bought a ticket with those numbers, but didn’t win?”
Kurisu: “But nobody aside from Okabe remembers him sending it.”
Rintaro: “But I showed you guys afterwards. It was still in my phone’s arrival history.”
Itaru: “We were so close.”
Mayuri: “Is that all?”
Rintaro: “No. There’s more. Moeka and Lukako each sent a D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “Oh, right. That’s what you claim, but Hashida, Mayuri-san, and I don’t remember either of those.”
Mayuri: “Owww... Mayushii’s getting a headache...”
Rintaro: “I already told you guys. I’m the only one who keeps his memories after the world changes.”
Kurisu: “So according to your perspective, when did the IBN 5100 disappear? Did it just happen? When’s the last time you remember seeing it in the lab?”
Rintaro: “Well...”
UNSPOKEN: I put my index finger to my forehead and search my memories.
UNSPOKEN: IBN 5100... IBN 5100...
Rintaro: “I’m sure... it was August 3rd. I remember it being in the lab on August 3rd.”
Kurisu: “Are you certain?”
Rintaro: “I... think so.”
UNSPOKEN: So many things have happened. My memories are a jumble.
UNSPOKEN: Let’s go over the events which led to me obtaining the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: I heard that Faris was a retro PC maniac who knew about the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: I learned that nine years ago, she donated her IBN 5100 to Yanabayashi Shrine. I asked Lukako’s dad for help, and he leant me the IBN 5100 just like that. Mission complete.
UNSPOKEN: At the very least, Faris and Lukako should remember what happened.
UNSPOKEN: I should give them a call.
UNSPOKEN: First up is Lukako.
Luka: “Hello, Okabe-san.”
Luka: “Um... p-please forget what you saw the other day...”
Rintaro: “I saw something?”
Luka: “My... cosplay...”
UNSPOKEN: Oh, that?
UNSPOKEN: That was just Lukako getting embarrassed for no reason.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Or it could all just be in your head. No need to panic.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s not just in my head. It’s not!
Mayuri: “You need Feris-chan for something? I wonder if she’s working today.”
Itaru: “Faris-tan’s off today.”
UNSPOKEN: Well done, Daru. You know Faris’s schedule better than her coworker.
UNSPOKEN: I award you the title of Faris Stalker.
Rintaro: “You know her phone number, right? See if you can get ahold of her.”
Mayuri: “Okay!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes out her phone and makes a call.
UNSPOKEN: After a short wait, Mayuri smiles.
Mayuri: “Feris-chan? Good afternyan-nyan♪ It’s Mayushii, nyan♪”
Kurisu: “Nya, nyan...?”
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. This is the first time Kurisu has heard Mayuri speak NyanNyanian.
Mayuri: “Sorry to bother you on your day off. Okarin said he wants to talk to you about something. Wanna talk to him?”
Mayuri: “Huh? You know. Okarin!”
Mayuri: “...Kyouma? Who’s Kyouma?”
UNSPOKEN: The hell are they talking about?
UNSPOKEN: By the way, Faris is the only person who calls me by my true name, Hououin Kyouma. I’m thankful for that, but she still drives me crazy.
Mayuri: “I’m handing you over, okay?”
Mayuri: “Here you go, Okarin.”
UNSPOKEN: I take Mayuri’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: Faris’ face is displayed on the LCD. She’s wearing cat ears even though it’s her day off.
Rintaro: “It’s me. Hououin Kyouma.”
Faris: “Nyao♪ How unusual for Kyouma to contact me, nya.”
Rintaro: “There’s something I need to ask you.”
Rintaro: “Long ago, you donated a retro PC to Yanabayashi shrine. Am I mistaken?”
Faris: “Nyan.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Hallo.”
Rintaro: “It’s me. What’s the situation?”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “She hung up on me!”
Itaru: “Of course she did. Mayu-shi and I are the only ones who can deal with your act, you know?”
UNSPOKEN: Again!
Kurisu: “Hallo.”
Rintaro: “It’s Hououin Kyouma. Don’t hang up.”
Kurisu: “Oh, it’s Okabe. I was sure it was a prank call.”
Rintaro: “It shows you my number, doesn’t it!?”
Kurisu: “You were talking crazy, so I got scared and hung up.”
Rintaro: “In other words, you fear the insanity of Hououin Kyouma! Well, I suppose you can’t be blamed for--”
Rintaro: “She hung up! Again!”
Itaru: “Like I said, we’re the only ones who can put up with you...”
UNSPOKEN: I quickly redial.
Kurisu: “Hallo.”
Rintaro: “This is Okabe Rintaro. Sorry, but could you mess with the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s settings a little, please?”
Kurisu: “Well why didn’t you say so?”
Kurisu: “Hmm... you’re going to use the PhoneWave? I don’t want to anger the guy downstairs, though.”
Rintaro: “We’re about to perform a critical experiment. Understand, assistant? Mister Braun might yell at you, but that small sacrifice will bring mankind’s dream, the time machine, to fruition.”
Kurisu: “You’re really irresponsible, you know that?”
Kurisu: “...Well? What should I set it to?”
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Faris’s dad’s mail address.
UNSPOKEN: And I have her set the timer.
Kurisu: “Okay, it’s ready.”
Rintaro: “Alright, thanks. Wait a bit.”
UNSPOKEN: I turn to Faris.
Rintaro: “Finished writing what you want to send?”
UNSPOKEN: I already told her the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s email address.
UNSPOKEN: Faris nods.
Rintaro: “What did you write? You sure it’s something that’ll change the past?”
Faris: “W-well...”
UNSPOKEN: Hm? What happened to her usual confidence?
Faris: “I-it’s embarrassing, nya! A trade secret, nyan!”
Rintaro: “A secret!? Nonsense! This is science! Unless we know what you’re sending, we can’t verify the results!”
Faris: “What’s that supposed to mean!? No one said anything about science, nya! I’m using the time machine for myself, not science, nya!”
Rintaro: “That’s not fair!”
Itaru: “You’re one to talk.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru, you horny fool, are you siding with Faris!?
UNSPOKEN: And you call yourself a super hacka!?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Mmmgh...”
UNSPOKEN: This is bad.
UNSPOKEN: I thought I had Faris in the palm of my hand. Was I dancing to her tune all along!?
Kurisu: “Okabe? If you’re not gonna send anything, I’m hanging up.”
Rintaro: “W-wait! Fine. Activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change).”
UNSPOKEN: Dammit, I submitted to the catgirl!
Kurisu: “The discharge is starting.”
UNSPOKEN: I nod to Faris after getting Kurisu’s report.
UNSPOKEN: Faris puts her finger on the send button and--
Faris: “Click, nya!”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: As the dizziness fades, I exhale slowly and open my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: Alright, world. Show me your new form!
UNSPOKEN: Man, I wish I knew what kind of mail Faris sent.
UNSPOKEN: First things first. I’m still in her room. When I look out the window, the Akiba sprawl greets me.
UNSPOKEN: I scan the room.
Itaru: “Okay. Card Open.”
Mayuri: “Oh no! Another Virus Card!”
Faris: “Not so fast, nyan♪”
Mayuri: “Awww... You took three Link Cards, right? And I got three Virus Cards, right?”
Mayuri: “Mayushii’s in trouble...”
UNSPOKEN: What are they doing?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I’m okay.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu’s not interested in the photo album.
UNSPOKEN: She just gives a cold “hmph.”
UNSPOKEN: Instead, she’s reading a difficult-looking English book.
UNSPOKEN: Dammit, this is no time to be showing off your intelligence. You’re going to make Mayuri cry if you talk to her like that.
UNSPOKEN: Or so I thought, but Mayuri doesn’t seem to mind, so I stay out of it.
Mayuri: “Wow, look at these swimsuits! So much skin! She’s got a great figure, like a gravure idol.”
Luka: “Must be nice...”
Mayuri: “Nice? The swimsuits?”
Luka: “I... don’t have that great a figure...”
Mayuri: “Don’t worry, Luka-chan. I’m sure you’ll make our big friends breathe hard.”
UNSPOKEN: Hey now, Mayuri. What are you saying? It’s like you’re referring to Daru with that remark.
Mayuri: “And um, plenty of people like flat chests. So even if you don’t have breasts, you should still have confidence in yourself.”
Kurisu: “Khmmkhmmkhmm!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts choking on her coffee.
UNSPOKEN: I know how she feels. I almost did a spittake with my soda.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s breasts are huge for her height, so her advice lacks a certain element of persuasion.
Mayuri: “I know! Once ComiMa’s over, let’s all go on a trip to the beach! Mayushii’s been making costumes all summer. I haven’t had time to play at all.”
Mayuri: “What do you think, guys? A lab mem beach trip!”
Luka: “Um... all of the lab mems?”
Kurisu: “I can’t go. I have to go back to America soon, and I haven’t even started packing yet.”
Rintaro: “Yes, I can see you’re in a rush. I bet you don’t even have time to lounge around and read.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu snaps her book shut and glares at me.
Kurisu: “Fine, I’ll be blunt. There’s no way I’m swimming with two perverts like you!”
Kurisu: “If it’s just the girl members, I’ll happily go.”
Rintaro: “Hmph. Be honest, Christina. You just don’t want me to see the Mongolian Spot on your butt!”
Kurisu: “I don’t have a Mongolian Spot!”
Rintaro: “Anyway, if it’s just the girl members, then doesn’t that rule out Lukako?”
Kurisu: “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Rintaro: ”Didn’t we tell you earlier? Lukako is a bonafide guy!”
UNSPOKEN: My declaration of the truth...
UNSPOKEN: Freezes the air instantly.
UNSPOKEN: ...Huh?
UNSPOKEN: There’s something off about their reaction.
Kurisu: “You’re the worst. Where do you get off calling her a guy?”
Mayuri: “Yeah, Okarin. That’s a terrible thing to say.”
Luka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Even Mayuri condemns me.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako, meanwhile, turns pale and hangs his head so I can’t see his face.
UNSPOKEN: Is he... crying?
UNSPOKEN: Normally, he’d get depressed and say something about how embarrassed he’d be to wear a swimsuit, but he wouldn’t start crying...
Rintaro: “Christina. I understand your desire to deny the truth. It’s difficult to imagine that a guy could ever be so cute, but--”
Kurisu: “Okabe!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s advances on me with a stern glare.
Kurisu: “If you want to give me stupid nicknames, that’s fine -- I mean, it’s not, but...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this tongue-lashing?
Kurisu: “Apologize. Apologize to Urushibara-san right now.”
Rintaro: “Wait a second. I don’t have to apologize for anything. I just said the tru--”
Luka: “It’s okay.”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako gets up from the sofa. His head is still hanging, and his voice is barely audible.
Luka: “So that’s how Okabe-san sees me...”
Rintaro: “No no no! That’s not how I see you, Lukako. You’re a guy, remember!? Or are you denying reality too!?”
Kurisu: “You’re the one denying reality!”
Mayuri: “That’s right! Luka-chan’s a girl, Okarin. You’re terrible.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri, when did you start calling Lukako ’Luka-chan’ instead of ’Luka-kun’?”
Kurisu: “Cut it out already, Okabe! She’s a girl!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri nods in agreement.
UNSPOKEN: Uh... huh?
UNSPOKEN: What’s going on here?
UNSPOKEN: Is this some kind of prank?
Luka: “I’m going home!”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako tries to slip by me out of the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I grab his hand to stop him from leaving.
Rintaro: “Hold it, Lukako! You can’t fool me! You’re as much a man as I am! And I know how to prove it!”
UNSPOKEN: I pin Lukako’s arms and reach for his package.
UNSPOKEN: Let’s see what you’re hiding... down...
UNSPOKEN: Nothing.
Rintaro: “Oh...?”
Luka: “ah...”
Kurisu: “You...”
Mayuri: “Awawa...”
Rintaro: “Ohhhh? Huh? What? Why?”
UNSPOKEN: I feel around some more.
Luka: “Ugh, no, don’t... Okabe-san, please... stop... sniff.”
UNSPOKEN: Nothing. Nada.
UNSPOKEN: It should be there.
UNSPOKEN: I mean, he’s a guy... isn’t he?
UNSPOKEN: An electric current runs through my brain.
UNSPOKEN: No way...
UNSPOKEN: Yes way.
UNSPOKEN: So that’s what happened!
Rintaro: “Lukako, you...”
UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail that I thought had failed...
UNSPOKEN: Was actually a success!
Rintaro: “You’re a girl!?”
Kurisu: “That’s what we’ve been saying!”
UNSPOKEN: A half-second later, Kurisu cracks me over the head with her heavy textbook.
Luka: “hic... ugg... egh...”
UNSPOKEN: When my vision clears, Lukako is crying.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is rubbing her back comfortingly.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, meanwhile, is glaring down at me like I’m something she scraped off the bottom of her shoe.
UNSPOKEN: Daru, who arrived a moment ago, is in the corner, trying not to laugh.
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I can’t blame him. 
UNSPOKEN: “Righteous High School Girl Makes Perverted College Guy Beg for Forgiveness”
UNSPOKEN: If I had to put a title to this scene, that’s what it would be.
UNSPOKEN: The top of my head is throbbing.
UNSPOKEN: Most likely because Kurisu wiped out a hundred million of my precious neurons, envied by scientists the world over.
UNSPOKEN: I put a moist towel to my head.
Kurisu: “I want to vivisect your skull and remove your brain for a good washing.”
Kurisu: “Then I’ll submerge it in culture fluid so you can never do anything like that again!”
Kurisu: “Anyway, just be thankful I haven’t reported you to the police.”
Rintaro: “Yes ma’am. I’m sorry.”
UNSPOKEN: Man, that was dumb.
UNSPOKEN: I didn’t think it would be gone.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako has become a girl.
UNSPOKEN: Her face hasn’t changed, and she’s flat as a board, but she’s definitely a girl.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh... as I already explained, we changed the past. Lukako was a guy, but he wanted to be a girl, so we sent a D-Mail to make his wish come true. And it worked!”
Rintaro: “I knew the worldline had changed. My magic eye, Reading Steiner, saw the shift in time.”
Rintaro: “But I chose to believe my mundane senses instead. I should have had more faith in my powers! I won’t make that mistake again.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu calmly readies her book above her head.
Kurisu: “Want some more?”
Rintaro: “I’m telling the truth. You have to believe me!”
Rintaro: “I can explain this phenomenon logically. When we sent the D-Mail, we changed the past, and all of history changed as a result. My brain perceived that change!”
UNSPOKEN: I leap to my feet, overcome with excitement.
Rintaro: “Out of all mankind, I alone can perceive changes in causality! I am this world’s observer!”
UNSPOKEN: I look around, expecting to see awe on their faces.
Kurisu: “Sit down before I hit you again.”
UNSPOKEN: I do as I’m told.
Rintaro: “Don’t you understand? I’m the observer, the one who opens the box holding Schrodinger’s cat.”
Mayuri: “Shredding Gar?”
Itaru: “Schrodinger’s cat again?”
Itaru: “The Japanese can’t get enough of that cat.”
Kurisu: “You’re Japanese too.”
Itaru: “I’ve had enough Schrodinger, thanks. I do admit that kittehs are cute, though.”
Rintaro: “Gh...”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s absolutely right. Whenever an anime wants to use quantum mechanics, the characters always talk about Schrodinger’s Cat.
Rintaro: “Anyway, my magic eye has the power to perceive changes in the worldline. This power is called Reading Steiner, as I’ve explained.”
Kurisu: “And I told you that that name was stupid, remember?”
Kurisu: “It’s Engrish, like something from a kid’s manga.”
Kurisu: “Not to mention it’s a grammatical mess, and there’s also the fact that it’s half German, so no consistency there either. It’s stupid.”
Kurisu: “The same goes for that ’Steins Gate’ thing you’re always talking about.”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh... looks like you’ve still got that Mongolian Spot on your butt. Eh, Christina?”
Rintaro: “Names are all about feeling! My creativity, comparable to the great Da Vinci himself, cannot be held by the shackles of grammar! Muhah--”
UNSPOKEN: She hits me again.
UNSPOKEN: I’m seeing stars.
Kurisu: “Show a little remorse, huh?”
Rintaro: “I’m sorry...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is still crying.
UNSPOKEN: As punishment, I spend the next thirty minutes on my knees under Kurisu’s watchful eye.
UNSPOKEN: If I slouch for a second, I get the corner of her book.
UNSPOKEN: I’d accept being told “Die, Pervert” if it were coming from Lukako. But why the hell is Kurisu butting in? I didn’t do anything to her.
UNSPOKEN: Does she think she’s one of those class president characters?
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, I flee the lab as soon as my punishment is over. The silent pressure from the girls is just too much to bear.
UNSPOKEN: I step into the sun and stretch. My legs are numb from the kneeling, so I can barely stand straight.
UNSPOKEN: At that moment, the Braun Tube Workshop door opens, and out comes Part-Time Warrior.
UNSPOKEN: Our eyes meet.
Suzuha: “...Sup.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s less energetic than usual.
Suzuha: “Why are you so wobbly?”
Rintaro: “It’s... a new exercise.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “And what are you going to do?”
Rintaro: “Me? I’m going to follow that Part-Time Warrior and report back as the situation changes.”
Kurisu: “Don’t you dare. Let her be alone with her father.”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh. You shouldn’t be so quick to reject my plans, Christina. You don’t understand the intricacies of the human psyche.”
Rintaro: “Now that you’ve rejected my plan, there’s no way I’m not going through with it! You have underestimated my pride!”
Kurisu: “Get over yourself.”
Rintaro: “Besides, Christina, you and she are enemies, are you not? You protect her from me while plotting her demise? That makes you a hypocrite!”
Kurisu: “You just don’t have standards, that’s all.”
Mayuri: “She’s right. I don’t think you should bother her, Okarin.”
UNSPOKEN: Even during the strategy meeting, Mayuri keeps working on her costume.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako hasn’t agreed to wear it yet, but Mayuri’s enthusiasm remains strong.
Mayuri: “No matter what happens, we need to give her a waaaarm welcome. I’ll do anything to help make this party super special.”
Luka: “Um, actually, I haven’t met this Suzuha-san...”
Mayuri: “Suzu-san’s really nice. I’m sure you’ll get along with her too!”
Kurisu: “Nice?”
Rintaro: “Anyway, I’m going to tail her now. You guys--”
Kurisu: “No! Get it through your thick skull!”
Rintaro: “Dammit, assistant! How dare you give me orders!?”
UNSPOKEN: In the end, I can’t get permission to tail Suzuha.
Kurisu: “Don’t even think about running off somewhere.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is forcing me to help her with the shopping. There’s no way out.
UNSPOKEN: Dammit...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu really is turning into a class president character.
UNSPOKEN: At this rate, she might take over the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Wait. Could this be what Suzuha was warning me about?
UNSPOKEN: ...Nah.
Kurisu: “Anyway...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu scratches her cheek in what could be taken for a bashful gesture.
Kurisu: “I hope Amane-san finds her father.”
Rintaro: “Yeah.”
Kurisu: “That would be... nice.”
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, she has father issues too, doesn’t she?
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she sympathizes with Suzuha.
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe...”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu starts fidgeting for some reason.
Kurisu: “I’m sorry about before.”
Rintaro: “Before?”
Kurisu: “When I hit you with my book. I thought you were just being a pervert.”
Kurisu: “But when I thought about it later, I realized that you were being completely serious.”
Kurisu: “But I acted on impulse, without even considering what you had to say.”
Rintaro: “Forget it. Regardless of my intentions, the fact of the matter is that I made Lukako cry.”
Kurisu: “Just to make sure, you’re not a perverted scumbag, are you?”
Rintaro: “Make sure, my ass! Are you trying to apologize or what!?”
Kurisu: “I just don’t want to you to use science as an excuse to be a pervert. Not while I’m helping, at least.”
Rintaro: “What do you take me for?”
Rintaro: “My friends are precious to me.”
Rintaro: “I may be an insane mad scientist with an IQ of 170, but even I have my limits.”
Rintaro: “The PhoneWave (name subject to change) wouldn’t have come this far without you and Daru at my side.”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Rintaro: “I am Lab Mem 001, the founder of the lab.”
Rintaro: “If my friends are in danger, I’ll rush to their aid. And I would tear my own limbs off before I knowingly brought harm to any of you.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “That has to be the cheesiest thing you’ve ever said.”
Rintaro: “Hmph...”
Kurisu: “Still, it’s nice to hear.”
Kurisu: “The research institute I work at in America is full of talented people from all over the world... but it’s not a friendly place.”
Kurisu: “Everyone thinks he or she is the best. You think you have an ego? Over there, scientists hurl insults at each other on a daily basis. Sometimes they even sabotage each other’s work.”
Kurisu: “When my thesis was chosen to represent the lab, many of the older men complained.”
Kurisu: “And when I came back here as a kind of reverse exchange student, my classmates were all too afraid to talk to me.”
Kurisu: “Compared to that, your lab is childish... but comfortable.”
UNSPOKEN: ...Seems like everyone has their own problems.
Kurisu: “You’re really concerned about Amane-san, aren’t you? That part of you, I can respect.”
Kurisu: “B-but I’m not praising you, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly blushes for some reason.
Kurisu: “I just... you know... thought you should know...”
Rintaro: “Maybe I...”
Kurisu: “Eh?”
Rintaro: “Maybe all I ever wanted was friends.”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Rintaro: “There aren’t many people I can trust...”
UNSPOKEN: After all, I am an insane mad scientist wanted the world over. My enemies are everywhere waiting to strike!
UNSPOKEN: Curse this incredible genius brain of mine! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: “I, um... think of you as a friend too.”
Rintaro: “...What?”
Kurisu: “You said I was your friend, remember? You said I was important to you.”
Kurisu: “That made me really... happy, I guess.”
Rintaro: “Do you have a fever?”
Kurisu: “No!”
Kurisu: “What the hell!? Here I am trying to find something decent about you, and you... I don’t care anymore, stupid!”
Kurisu: “You’re really... stupid.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu squares her shoulders and quickly walks ahead. I give chase.
UNSPOKEN: What just happened?
UNSPOKEN: Is this girl planning something?
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she really is plotting to take over the lab.
UNSPOKEN: No, wait. Maybe she’s trying to sabotage the party because she doesn’t like Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: Hmph. No mere assistant is going to pull one over on the great Hououin Kyouma!
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, time to get my head in the game.
UNSPOKEN: We must prepare for the Last Supper, Operation Eldhrimnir.
UNSPOKEN: The “Last Supper” refers to our party for Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: In the event she reunites with her father, we’ll just celebrate normally. In other words, it will be her last supper in Tokyo.
UNSPOKEN: However...
UNSPOKEN: If she doesn’t reunite with her father, we’ll kidnap her and force her to participate in our experiments.
UNSPOKEN: Sacrifices must be made if we’re going to perfect D-Mail technology.
UNSPOKEN: In that case, it will be the “last supper” on this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: The lab’s budget -- most of which comes out of my pocket -- is tight, but it’s okay to party every once in a while.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Found you, Daru!”
Itaru: “Huh? Ah--”
UNSPOKEN: I grab his collar to stop him from escaping.
Rintaro: “Why didn’t you respond to my summons?”
Itaru: “Like I said, I’ve got something to do.”
Rintaro: “Which is?”
Itaru: “An offline meet...”
Rintaro: “Inexcusable.”
Itaru: “Wait, just listen a sec--”
Rintaro: “Your offline meet, or a party with food handmade by our very own lab girls. Choose one.”
Itaru: “Handmade... by girls?”
Itaru: “O-one question. Will Faris-tan be there?”
UNSPOKEN: Before Kurisu can answer that, I whisper to Daru.
Rintaro: “Naturally. Faris is a lab mem too. Heh heh heh.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You’ve been tricked.”
Mayuri: “Feris-chan said she couldn’t come.”
Itaru: “Wait, seriously!? Okarin! What’s going on here!? This isn’t funny, man!”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry. I’ll make sure she comes to the next one.”
Itaru: “You’ve gotta be kidding me! I was looking forward to that time machine meet...”
Kurisu: “Time machine meet? What’s that?”
Itaru: “It’s an offline meet for this sci-fi BBS I post on.”
Itaru: “Some famous writers are going to be there. I won’t forgive you, Okarin. Ever.”
Rintaro: “What? Why didn’t you say so? I would’ve gone too!”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, I smell something strange.
Rintaro: “...Does anyone else smell that?”
Kurisu: “Smell what?”
Rintaro: “Did we blow a fuse somewhere?”
Luka: “S-sorry...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s apologizing for something.
Luka: “That’s probably the smell of... Mayuri’s cooking...”
UNSPOKEN: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: This is the smell of food!?
Kurisu: “I’ll help too.”
Luka: “Okay, then warm these eggs please.”
Kurisu: “Hm. Should I use the PhoneWave?”
Luka: “N-no! If you put raw eggs in a microwave, they’ll explode!”
Kurisu: “We took the door off. It should be fine, right?”
Mayuri: “Chop, chop, choppity chop, chop, chop, choppity...”
Luka: “M-Mayuri-chan! Don’t hold your knife like that!”
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is going on here?
UNSPOKEN: Daru and I exchange glances.
Rintaro: “Maybe we should help too. Or at least kick them out of the kitchen?”
Itaru: “Won’t it end up the same either way?”
Rintaro: “I’m getting dizzy. This isn’t the future I was hoping for.”
Itaru: “You’re telling me. I’ll never forget this, Okarin. Never.”
Rintaro: “I’m sorry. Truly. But please, Daru, stay with me to the end.”
Itaru: “I’ll order pizza as insurance.”
UNSPOKEN: It only gets worse.
UNSPOKEN: The smoke grows thicker by the second, filling my lungs with ash and tar.
UNSPOKEN: In less than an hour, the girls have transformed the lab into a class five disaster zone!
UNSPOKEN: I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: “It’s me. Looks like the Evil One is free. If you haven’t heard from me in an hour... tell my parents I love them.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...”
Luka: “...”
Rintaro: “...She’s late.”
UNSPOKEN: The sun has already set.
UNSPOKEN: The food lined up on the table -- none of it looking particularly appetizing -- has already grown cold.
UNSPOKEN: I open my phone to check the time.
UNSPOKEN: It’s getting late. The high school girls will need to head back soon.
UNSPOKEN: Was Suzuha able to meet her father?
UNSPOKEN: If so, they might have a lot to talk about.
Rintaro: “...!”
UNSPOKEN: There’s only one word in Suzuha’s email.
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean she didn’t meet her father!?
UNSPOKEN: And now she plans to leave town alone!?
Rintaro: “Hououin Kyouma will never accept that! She will be my guinea pig whether she likes it or not!”
UNSPOKEN: I fly out of the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know where Suzuha is.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Tell us what happened.”
Itaru: “Yeah. Keep us in the loop, man.”
Rintaro: “Suzuha ran away from me. I guess she couldn’t find her father.”
Mayuri: “Oh...”
UNSPOKEN: A gloomy silence falls.
UNSPOKEN: I can see the sadness on everyone’s face.
Rintaro: “Heh... heh heh heh...”
UNSPOKEN: I begin to laugh.
Rintaro: “MUHAHAHAHA!”
Luka: “O-Okabe-san? What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Kurisu: “His brain is probably oxygen-starved from too much running.”
Itaru: “Okarin... chill.”
Rintaro: “Heh, look at you all!”
Rintaro: “Why the long faces, friends!?”
Rintaro: “Have you forgotten? We have just the thing for moments like these!”
UNSPOKEN: I thrust my finger at the curtain to the development room.
Kurisu: “You’re going to send a D-Mail?”
Itaru: “But the discharge phenomenon won’t occur this late, will it?”
Rintaro: “Then we’ll send it tomorrow.”
UNSPOKEN: D-Mails leap through time. It matters not when we send it, but when it is received.
Mayuri: “Who are you sending it to?”
Rintaro: “To myself this afternoon. The message...”
UNSPOKEN: I smile triumphantly.
Rintaro: “Don’t listen to Christina. Pursue Suzuha!’”
UNSPOKEN: If I do that, there’s no way I can fail.
UNSPOKEN: And then, we can have Suzuha as a test subject!
UNSPOKEN: I suddenly hear the sound of rain.
UNSPOKEN: I look outside the window and see that rain has started to fall.
UNSPOKEN: As Daru predicted, the discharge phenomenon does not occur. It looks like we’ll have to wait until tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: The rain grows stronger over time, eventually becoming a thunderstorm.
UNSPOKEN: The next day, there isn’t a cloud in the sky.
UNSPOKEN: It’s hard to believe it rained all night.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly emerges from the development room. She was cooped up in there all morning.
UNSPOKEN: Her expression is unusually grave.
Rintaro: “What’s wrong?”
Kurisu: “I figured it out.”
UNSPOKEN: Figured what out?
Kurisu: “I think I know how the PhoneWave works.”
Rintaro: “Really!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods. She still hasn’t smiled.
Kurisu: “Keep in mind that this is just a hypothesis based on what we’ve observed.”
Kurisu: “It’s closely related to what you guys were just talking about -- the LHC.”
Rintaro: “I believe it was you, Christina, who called the LHC the world’s largest microwave. ”
Kurisu: “Yes. Exactly. My hunch was right.”
Kurisu: “You’ve created a monster, Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: A monster...
Kurisu: “It doesn’t belong in some amateur lab. And before you take that as an endorsement of your abilities, I mean it in a bad way.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clutches her arms as if to keep from trembling.
Rintaro: “Give me details.”
Kurisu: “Did you know that the microwave oven was invented as a byproduct of radar research?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru and I nod. Mayuri shakes her head.
UNSPOKEN: We read up on all that back then the PhoneWave (name subject to change) started acting weird.
Kurisu: “Microwaves are electromagnetic waves with a frequency of 2.45 gigahertz. The PhoneWave is commercial grade, so its output is around 1500-2000 watts.”
Kurisu: “Here’s the important part.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu goes on to explain that the electromagnetic waves output by the microwave are somehow “connected” to the electromagnetic waves output by the phone.
UNSPOKEN: In fact, you could say they “fuse together.”
Rintaro: “According to Daru’s blueprints, the microwave and the phone are made to send out shared electromagnetic waves by taking their leads...”
Rintaro: “And hardwiring each of them to the magnetron’s cathode and anode.”
UNSPOKEN: On one hand, we have the microwave’s super strong electromagnetic waves, originally a byproduct of the military’s research into radar technology.
UNSPOKEN: On the other, we have the cellphone’s standardized electromagnetic waves, a frequency now ubiquitous throughout the world.
UNSPOKEN: What happens when you “fuse” those two waves?
Kurisu: “Both devices use electromagnetic waves. I’m not a specialist, though, so I can’t examine the extent or magnitude of the influence that fusion has...”
Kurisu: “But hypothetically, if the cellphone were to become a stepping stone, scattering the military-grade electromagnetic waves over a vast range of hundreds of kilometers--”
Kurisu: “Then not just Akihabara, but all of Tokyo would turn into the inside of a microwave oven.”
Kurisu: “Taking into account slight variance due to body weight, the average time until death for the people inside would be--”
Kurisu: “Three minutes.”
Mayuri: “Ehh!?”
Itaru: “Seriously? Then the PhoneWave’s a weapon of mass destruction, isn’t it!?”
UNSPOKEN: I-is it really that powerful?
Kurisu: “Let me tell you what happens inside the PhoneWave.”
Kurisu: “The air inside the oven is full of invisible hydrogen atoms. First, it bombards the atoms with microwaves to increase their energy potential. This is the normal function of a microwave oven.”
Kurisu: “But when you add the electromagnetic waves from the phone...”
Kurisu: “The harmonics trigger a chain reaction. The particles collide repeatedly at near light-speed, gaining mass and energy each time.”
Kurisu: “In other words, it becomes a sort of particle accelerator.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: ”It’s a miracle that thing has been so stable.”
Kurisu: “But there’s still one thing I don’t understand.”
Kurisu: “Even if it does produce mini black holes, they should evaporate instantly.”
Kurisu: “But that’s not what happens in the PhoneWave. The gelification phenomenon proves that.”
Kurisu: “Just like in the LHC, our mini black holes are turning into Kerr black holes.”
Rintaro: “According to Titor, you have to inject electrons to produce the Kerr black hole effect.”
Kurisu: “Where do the injected electrons come from? That’s what I don’t understand.”
Kurisu: “The LHC uses something called a lifter to inject electrons into the black hole and control the gravitational field.”
Kurisu: “Something is filling that role inside the PhoneWave.”
Itaru: “S-something?”
Kurisu: “Like I said, I don’t know what.”
UNSPOKEN: So I guess that’s what it comes down to.
UNSPOKEN: All Kurisu’s explanation does is confirm our hypothesis that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) functions the same as the LHC.
Rintaro: “Looks like we need to review what the LHC is.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s time for our “LHC moe” guy to shine.
Itaru: “LHC stands for Large Hadron Collider.”
Mayuri: “Had drawn?”
Kurisu: “It’s the name of an elementary particle.”
Itaru: “The LHC is basically a huge circular tunnel underneath Switzerland and France.”
Itaru: “It sits about 100 meters below ground, and has a total length of 27 kilometers.”
Itaru: “There are two rings that run through the tunnel. Inside the rings is a super-low-temperature vacuum -- an environment like outer space, basically. Seriously moe.”
Itaru: “In an adjacent facility, protons are gradually accelerated by the linear accelerator, the Proton Synchrotron Booster, and the Super Proton Synchrotron.”
Itaru: “Finally, they’re injected into the LHC, where they undergo their final acceleration via a series of superconducting magnets installed in the tunnel.”
Itaru: “By now, they’re traveling at up to 99.9999991% the speed of light. That’s enough to melt your brain. Not as dangerous as the PhoneWave, though.”
Itaru: “Finally, the accelerated protons collide approximately 1 to 10 billion times per second.”
Itaru: “The purpose of the LHC project is to study the high energy reactions that result... or so they say. We know they’re a bunch of stinking liars.”
UNSPOKEN: I guess that about covers it.
Rintaro: “And that, my fellow lab members, brings us to the question. Can the PhoneWave (name subject to change) beat SERN to true physical time travel?”
Kurisu: “Two problems. One, setting the destination. Two, the lifter.”
Rintaro: “We’ve already established that the D-Mail arrives precisely when and where it’s supposed to.”
Kurisu: “...It’s dangerous to accept that without verification.”
UNSPOKEN: Agreed.
Rintaro: “As for the lifter, we already know it exists. We just need to figure out what it is.”
Kurisu: “I don’t think we’re going to find it. The PhoneWave’s not exactly big, you know, and we’ve been poking at it for days without turning up a clue.”
Kurisu: “Even if we do find it, it’ll take forever to learn how to tune the electron feed properly.”
Itaru: “How long is forever?”
Kurisu: “SERN’s been working on it for nine years and they still haven’t solved it.”
UNSPOKEN: We’re just amateurs, so it’s bound to take even longer.
UNSPOKEN: ...Wait. I have an idea.
Rintaro: “Let’s look at it from a different angle.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Of course... If it works, then maybe...”
UNSPOKEN: She pauses for a second, and then...
Kurisu: “Maybe we can do it!”
UNSPOKEN: Do what?
UNSPOKEN: Time travel?
UNSPOKEN: It’s hard to believe what Kurisu is saying, even though it was my idea in the first place.
Rintaro: “Are you serious?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins triumphantly in response.
Kurisu: “The data compression part, at least, is easy.”
Kurisu: “We can just use the black holes created by the LHC, since black holes compress everything they swallow.”
Kurisu: “Compression won’t harm data like it would harm a human. As long as we’re just sending data, there’s nothing to worry about.”
UNSPOKEN: I get it!
UNSPOKEN: But wait, can we really pull off such a stunt?
UNSPOKEN: And besides...
Rintaro: “How do you plan to convert humans into data?”
Kurisu: “You know that my thesis got published, right?”
Rintaro: “This is no time to flaunt your accomplishments.”
Kurisu: “Have you read it?”
UNSPOKEN: I haven’t.
Itaru: “I’ve got scans if you want to read it.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru opens up his image folder, scrolls past tons of 2D porn, and opens up the scanned image.
UNSPOKEN: Sure enough, there’s Kurisu’s name in big English letters.
Kurisu: “The title of my thesis is...”
Kurisu: “’Analysis of Memory-Related Nerve Impulses in the Temporal Lobe’”
Rintaro: “...Temporal lobe? Nerve impulses?”
Itaru: “What, you didn’t know?”
Rintaro: “No, wait. This can’t be right. This title sounds like, um, neuroscience, not physics.”
Kurisu: “I’m a neuroscientist. Got a problem?”
UNSPOKEN: What!?
UNSPOKEN: I can’t believe it.
UNSPOKEN: From the way she talks about particle accelerators and time travel theory, I was sure she had to be a physicist.
Rintaro: “No, forget about that. How is this related to time travel?”
Kurisu: “Converting an entire human to data is impossible.”
Kurisu: “But converting a human’s memories may be possible!”
UNSPOKEN: Converting memories... to data?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu proceeds to explain her thesis.
UNSPOKEN: Memories accumulate in something called the parahippocampal gyrus - or hippocampus - which is located in the temporal lobe of the brain.
UNSPOKEN: But what exactly are memories?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s thesis analyzes that question from a neuroscientific perspective.
UNSPOKEN: All of the brain’s functions manifest as electrical signals running through its neurons. Even memories are written to the hippocampus by electrical signals.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu analyzed how specific electrical signals correspond to specific memories.
UNSPOKEN: The mechanism by which humans recall memories can be likened to a word association game. You begin with a vague, abstract image, which calls successive images of increasing clarity.
Kurisu: “Imagine a chest of drawers. Each drawer is filled with tiny boxes, and inside each box is another bunch of tiny boxes. You keep opening boxes until you find the memory you’re looking for.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu discovered that the number of “retrieval commands” -- nerve impulses used to search up memories -- is surprisingly low. Out of hundreds of millions of nerve impulse patterns in the brain, only a few thousand are related to memory.
UNSPOKEN: It was the successful analysis of these patterns that earned Kurisu and her research team critical acclaim in the scientific community.
Kurisu: “Now, before you ask how this relates to time travel, there’s one more thing I need to explain.”
Kurisu: “Several years ago, my lab -- the Neurophysiology Lab at Victor Condoria University -- developed a technology called Visual Rebuilding, or VR for short.”
Kurisu: ”Put simply, it enables conversion of video data into nerve impulse signals.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “We can convert memories into data?”
Kurisu: “Not just that. Memory transplantation, backups, external storage... all of those things become possible.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s like science fiction...
UNSPOKEN: In a sense, this technology could be used to copy a person’s soul.
UNSPOKEN: According to Kurisu, some religious groups strongly opposed this research, as you might expect.
UNSPOKEN: On the other hand, the medical community is ecstatic about the possibilities.
UNSPOKEN: In any case, it’s amazing that my assistant here was able to make such an incredible discovery.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, she did have a university supporting her, but still.
Rintaro: “So basically, what you’re saying is that we convert the subject’s memories into video data...”
Rintaro: “Use the LHC’s black hole to compress that data into 36 bytes...”
Rintaro: “Send that data through the Kerr black hole inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change)...”
Rintaro: “And finally, imprint those memories on the subject’s brain in the past.”
Mayuri: “What does that mean?”
Kurisu: “We can send our memories back in time.”
Kurisu: “In order to differentiate it from physical time travel, let’s call it a ’time leap’ for now.”
Kurisu: “You don’t go back, just your memories.”
Kurisu: “It’s so crazy that nobody’s thought of it before.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. The idea is ridiculous, which is exactly why none of the geniuses at SERN could come up with it.
UNSPOKEN: But this union of physics, neuroscience, and neurophysiology will make the impossible possible.
UNSPOKEN: To transfer memories to the past via cellphone. To time leap.
Kurisu: “The important thing to remember is that only memories are being transferred.”
Kurisu: “Personality and consciousness aren’t included.”
Rintaro: “What does that mean? How is it different from what you see in sci-fi novels?”
Kurisu: “Time leaping in sci-fi usually sends everything -- consciousness, personality, and memory.”
Kurisu: “But in real life, there’s probably too much data, and besides, we only analyzed memories.”
Kurisu: “Think of consciousness, personality, and memory as separate things.”
Kurisu: “Memories are like the video data stored on your computer.”
Kurisu: “And consciousness and personality are like the OS.”
Itaru: “But videos can take up way more space than the OS.”
Kurisu: “It’s just an example.”
Kurisu: “For starters, it’s still not clear where personality and consciousness are located, or how they are constructed.”
Kurisu: “So we can’t convert them into data. Or at least, I can’t.”
Rintaro: “So we can only send memories. Where does that leave us?”
Kurisu: “Your memories aren’t the only thing that define you. Even if you send your memories to the past, it will be the receiving you’s consciousness and personality that process them.”
Itaru: “So in Mindorz terms, it’s like copying data from a VISTA computer to a Min95 computer?”
Kurisu: “Data created with the latest OS might not work on an older OS. It might cause errors.”
Kurisu: “For example, if you sent your current memories to yourself in elementary school, the gap between your memories and your body could have serious consequences.”
Rintaro: “Anyway, is it correct to assume that we’ll be targeting ourselves in the past?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods at my question.
Kurisu: “Just like with D-Mail, we’re using cellphones as the transfer medium.”
Kurisu: “To be precise, you can only leap into your own body, and only if you had a cellphone at the time of reception.”
UNSPOKEN: There was an exception in Lukako’s case where we sent a D-Mail to a pager, but that doesn’t apply to time leaping.
Kurisu: “If you try sending memories to someone else... umm, how do I put this... there’s a danger that the electrical signals might be rejected.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “So the phones act like black and white holes...”
UNSPOKEN: It seems like a strange coincidence that cellphones would be the medium of time travel, but really, could it have been anything else?
UNSPOKEN: These days, people wear their phones like a second skin. No other medium could reliably deliver the memories to their intended target.
UNSPOKEN: The more I think about it, the more I realize that this was meant to be.
Rintaro: “Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA!”
UNSPOKEN: I whip out my phone and place it to my ear.
Rintaro: “It’s me. Everything is falling into place. The plan can now proceed to the final stage. I’m talking about Operation Verthandi, obviously.”
Rintaro: “Heh. Christina had me fooled. I never knew she was capable of this. It must have been the choice of Steins Gate that sent her here.”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry. I have everything under control. Nothing can stop us now. El Psy Kongroo.”
UNSPOKEN: I put away my phone and turn to Kurisu.
Rintaro: “Were you listening? Good. Commence preparations for Operation Verthandi!”
Kurisu: “First, explain what that is!”
Rintaro: “We’re going to build your time leap machine, Christina. And you’d better not say it can’t be done! Not after showing me the way!”
Kurisu: “Well, this is Akihabara. I should be able to find the parts I need.”
Rintaro: “Then it’s decided. I’m placing you in charge of this operation. Whatever you need, ask, and it shall be yours.”
Rintaro: “Together, we shall complete the first time leap machine in human history!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods. Her eyes are shining with a fierce, hungry light.
UNSPOKEN: As I thought. She’s a scientist to the core!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru go home, leaving me with Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: She’s sitting in the development room chair, endlessly twirling a pen in her fingers.
Rintaro: “What are you doing?”
Kurisu: “Thinking about the time leap machine.”
Kurisu: “I know we can make it, but I’m wondering what will happen if we actually use it.”
Rintaro: “Ah.”
UNSPOKEN: She hasn’t even started working on the machine, and she’s already worried about what comes afterwards?
UNSPOKEN: That takes confidence, alright. Are all geniuses like this?
UNSPOKEN: What will happen when we use it...
UNSPOKEN: I doubt we can find an answer to that question. Not without testing it live.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu knows that. What she’s really wondering is whether it’s worth the risk.
UNSPOKEN: That’s why I avoid arguing with her.
Rintaro: “You’re thinking too hard. Finish the machine, then worry about it.”
Kurisu: “You’re so pompous.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu groans and flops down on the desk.
UNSPOKEN: It’s strange to see her like this. She’s usually so cool and collected.
UNSPOKEN: But maybe that’s an act, and this is who she really is.
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe...”
Kurisu: “Can I talk to you about something completely unrelated?”
Rintaro: “I’d rather talk about something related.”
Kurisu: “You told me before that I could ask you anything. Remember?”
UNSPOKEN: I did?
UNSPOKEN: I don’t remember that.
Kurisu: “I think... my father hates me.”
UNSPOKEN: She sighs sadly.
UNSPOKEN: Ah, so that’s what she wants to talk about.
UNSPOKEN: A conundrum. This isn’t like before, when she was merely an advisor. The time leap project depends on Kurisu to succeed.
UNSPOKEN: It is clear, however, that she will be unable to focus as long as these petty concerns distract her.
UNSPOKEN: In that case, it falls to me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to solve her problem once and for all!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Heh... you really are pompous.”
Rintaro: “I assume it was your father on the phone the other day?”
UNSPOKEN: I am speaking, of course, of when I found Kurisu outside the lab, crying into her phone.
UNSPOKEN: The mood was... delicate.
Kurisu: “...Yeah.”
Kurisu: “I don’t remember the last time he had a kind word for me.”
Kurisu: “Even when we were living together, before I went to America, he acted like I wasn’t there. We’re supposed to be family, aren’t we?”
Rintaro: “And you? How did you treat your father?”
Kurisu: “I was daddy’s little girl growing up. You practically had to drag me away from him.”
UNSPOKEN: She smiles, but in her smile I see a hint of self-mockery.
Kurisu: “My father’s a physicist. Even as a child, I loved to hear him talk about science. I couldn’t understand a word of it, but I always begged him to explain.”
Kurisu: “I wanted to understand his work, so I started studying physics. I must have been five.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I guess that’s what makes her a genius.
UNSPOKEN: Or perhaps the yearning for her father’s love was what gave birth to her genius.
Kurisu: “Thanks to that, I always got perfect grades in math. I ignored all the other subjects, though, so my grades were a little skewed.”
Kurisu: “I even read my father’s papers. I was a little girl trying to comprehend theoretical physics, but I gave it everything I had. I needed to understand.”
Kurisu: “By sixth grade, I had learned enough that I could discuss my father’s theories with him.”
Kurisu: “I was so happy that I could talk to my father on his level, you know? We used to argue all night long.”
Kurisu: “And then I started winning those arguments. All of them.”
Rintaro: “Yeah. I can definitely see how that would make him hate you.”
UNSPOKEN: A tragedy fitting for a girl genius.
UNSPOKEN: What kind of scientist loses to a grade-school girl anyway? Seriously.
Kurisu: “You really think that’s why?”
Rintaro: “I’m absolutely certain that’s why.”
Kurisu: “I guess he did have a lot of pride.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, one day, he suddenly stopped talking to me altogether.”
Kurisu: “Then he started fighting with my mom, and finally he stopped coming home.”
Kurisu: “I really loved my dad, so it was a big shock. I felt it was my fault things turned out that way. I couldn’t go to school, I was so depressed.”
Kurisu: “And then Mom recommended I study abroad.”
UNSPOKEN: So that’s why she went to America.
Rintaro: “You were just too talented for your own good.”
Rintaro: “So, how do you feel about your father now?”
Kurisu: “I don’t know...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks down.
Rintaro: “He’s in Japan, right? Have you seen him at all?”
Kurisu: “No... he doesn’t want to see me.”
Kurisu: “That’s what we were talking about on the phone. I asked if we could meet, but he told me to stay away from him.”
UNSPOKEN: Her father has quite the inferiority complex.
UNSPOKEN: No wonder she was crying. Even for someone as strong-willed as Kurisu, it must hurt to hear that from her father.
Kurisu: “Even if we did meet, I wouldn’t know what to say...”
Kurisu: “I tried to talk to him before I left, you know? I tried so hard, but he just ignored me.”
Kurisu: “It hurts. Whenever I think about going to see him, I remember those times. I worry he’ll ignore me again, and then I can’t do anything.”
Kurisu: “Sniff...”
Rintaro: “Are you crying?”
Kurisu: “J-just a little, okay?”
Rintaro: “You want to reconcile with your father. Correct?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “True...”
Rintaro: “Just be straight with him. Say ’I love you, Dad. Let’s make up.’”
Kurisu: “I think that’s a little out of character for me.”
Rintaro: “It’s your father. Stop acting like a weak little girl.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks upright, her face bright red.
Kurisu: “I’m not acting like a little girl!”
Rintaro: “Yes, you are. You’ll never reconcile with him like that.”
Rintaro: “You need to speak from the heart, give it to him straight.”
Rintaro: “It’s the only way to get your message across. You can’t sugarcoat it.”
Rintaro: “If that doesn’t work, nothing will. Then you’ll just have to hope that time heals the rift between you.”
Kurisu: “And how long will that take?”
Rintaro: “How should I know? I’m only a year older than you, remember?”
Rintaro: “How long has it been since you went to America?”
Kurisu: “Umm... seven years.”
Rintaro: “If nothing has changed in seven years, then maybe it will take twice that much time.”
Kurisu: “I... guess you’re right.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs heavily and rests her chin in her hand.
UNSPOKEN: Did my advice backfire? It looks like she’s even more depressed now.
UNSPOKEN: I fold my arms and wrack my brain for a solution.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to see Kurisu like this. It’s pathetic!
Rintaro: “Well? When are you going to see him?”
Kurisu: “...Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu opens her eyes wide in confusion.
UNSPOKEN: I take out my phone and bring up the calendar.
Rintaro: “I assume it’ll be during summer break. Make sure you let me know ahead of time.”
Kurisu: “Wha-wha-wha-what are you talking about!?”
Rintaro: “I might have plans. I’ll need to shift my schedule around.”
Kurisu: “Hold on a second! Don’t tell me you plan on coming along!?”
Rintaro: “Of course I do. You are my assistant, and I will do whatever it takes to ensure that you are in peak mental condition for the experiment.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks dumbfounded.
UNSPOKEN: What? Did I say something wrong?
Kurisu: “Ok, you’ve had your fun. I’m in no mood for--”
Rintaro: “I’m being completely serious.”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “I’ll go anywhere you want -- anywhere in Japan. I’d go anywhere in the world, but I don’t have a passport or money.”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Rintaro: “You’re afraid you won’t know what to say, right?”
Kurisu: “Yeah...”
Rintaro: “Then that settles it. I am a master of conversation. You will have nothing to fear with Hououin Kyouma at your side!”
Kurisu: “...pfft!”
Rintaro: “Why are you laughing!?”
Kurisu: “You couldn’t hold a normal conversation if your life depended on it.”
Rintaro: “Ah...”
UNSPOKEN: By Jove, she’s right! A mad scientist does not care about things like tact and decorum. He dominates the room with his sheer presence!
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps a softer touch is called for here.
Kurisu: “But... thanks anyway. I definitely didn’t expect you to offer to come...”
Kurisu: “N-not that I’m happy about it or anything!”
Kurisu: “I hate how you act like a nice guy sometimes! It’s confusing!”
UNSPOKEN: Confusing how?
UNSPOKEN: Why is she yelling at me anyway? Shouldn’t she be thanking me instead?
Kurisu: “Um, Okabe? That offer... I can take you up on it, right?”
Rintaro: “Of course.”
Kurisu: “Then, once we’re done upgrading the PhoneWave...”
Kurisu: “I want you to come with me.”
Rintaro: “As you wish. Where is your father, anyway?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “That’s where he lives now.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s way up at the north end of the island, like seven hundred kilometers or something. I wasn’t expecting to have to go that far.
Kurisu: “What? You’re not going to back out, are you? You already promised. I’m taking you whether you like it or not, okay!?”
Rintaro: “...A-Aomori it is!”
UNSPOKEN: If promising to go to Aomori will let Kurisu concentrate on the time leap machine, it’s a small price to pay.
UNSPOKEN: A small price indeed.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru go home, leaving me with Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I thought she was hard at work on her costume, but when I look, I find her staring at the wall. Her hands have stopped moving.
Rintaro: “Mayuri? You’re not going home?”
UNSPOKEN: She usually doesn’t stay this late. Her parents might be worried.
Mayuri: “Um, I was thinking about what Okarin and Chris-chan were talking about earlier.”
Mayuri: “I was trying to figure out what the things you said meant, but it was all so complicated. I didn’t get any of it. Ehehe...”
Mayuri: “The only thing I get is that something amazing is gonna happen!”
Rintaro: “Indeed. The world is about to change, and we shall be the ones to lead humanity into the future.”
Mayuri: “You’re shining, Okarin.”
Rintaro: “Shining? What does that mean?”
Mayuri: “You’re shining. Chris-chan too. Like two bright stars in the sky.”
Rintaro: “That must be my aura of madness you’re sensing. Muhahaha!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Ah...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is on the computer.
UNSPOKEN: As soon as she notices I’ve returned, she quickly closes the window on the screen.
Kurisu: “H-hey! Think you could knock!?”
Rintaro: “This isn’t your room. Besides, I’d have to be a fool to knock. There could be assassins lying in ambush.”
Kurisu: “Assassins? Here? Are you stupid?”
Rintaro: “Anyway, Christina. What were you looking at just now, hmm?”
UNSPOKEN: I already know the answer, of course. I caught a glimpse of the screen before she closed it.
Kurisu: “I was... doing research!”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she plans to continue this charade.
UNSPOKEN: I drop my bags and go to the computer.
Kurisu: “S-stay back!”
UNSPOKEN: I slip past Kurisu’s blocking arms and restore the minimized window.
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “G-got a problem?”
Rintaro: “...pfft!”
Kurisu: “Hey! What’s with that ’this is awful, rofl rofl’ laughter!?”
Rintaro: “Have no fear, Christina. Or should I call you... @channeler Chris!”
Kurisu: “Don’t call me that!”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh, I already knew. That’s right! I realized long ago that you were an @channeler!”
Rintaro: “You can’t hide it from me. You reek of @channel corruption!”
Kurisu: “How rude! I make sure to apply light perfume every day!”
Rintaro: “Fool. That’s not what I meant. I’m talking about the scent of your soul.”
Kurisu: “My soul? What’s that supposed to mean? Explain.”
Rintaro: “Why? So you can learn how to hide it?”
Kurisu: “Sh-shut up! Just explain already.”
Rintaro: “There’s nothing to explain. You use @channel memes in conversation. I’d have to be stupid not to notice.”
Kurisu: “...Feels bad, man.”
Rintaro: “That’s an @channel meme too.”
Kurisu: “Ugh...”
Rintaro: “Your soul is tainted with the essence of @channel. You cannot hide it, not in such close proximity to another who uses @channel memes in actual conversation. Your souls resonate.”
Kurisu: “That’s it! It’s all Hashida’s fault!”
Rintaro: “But it’s cute how you try to hide it, @channeler Chris.”
Kurisu: “DON’T CALL ME THAT.”
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me hard.
UNSPOKEN: If looks could kill...
UNSPOKEN: She has no sense of humor at all. I should be more careful in the future.
Rintaro: “But I don’t understand. You were raised in America, so how are you so familiar with @channel?”
Kurisu: “You can browse @channel from America. Need I say more?”
Rintaro: “Ahh, I get it. Living in an English-only environment made you hungry for Japanese. But did you have to resort to @channel?”
UNSPOKEN: I mean, if you believe the pseudo-intellectuals in the media, browsing @channel is like reading scribbles on the bathroom wall. 
Kurisu: “Sure, it’s not the friendliest place, but I couldn’t find anywhere that felt more ’Japanese’.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, can I ask a favor?”
Rintaro: “What is it?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away and mumbles something.
UNSPOKEN: But her voice is so low, I can’t make it out.
Rintaro: “If you have something to say, say it.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns bright red, but her sullen expression doesn’t change.
Kurisu: “Don’t tell anyone else about this.”
Rintaro: “What difference does it make? Daru’s the most hardcore @channeler who ever lived, and Mayuri’s an otaku too. Even I browse @channel regularly.”
Rintaro: “There’s nothing to be ashamed of! Just boldly write ’Hobbies: Browsing @channel’ on your resume!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Gh, I hate myself for understanding those words!”
Rintaro: “Well, whatever. If it will help you focus on the time leap machine, I’ll keep your secret for now. Besides, it’s just a matter of time before you make another mistake and reveal your true colors.”
Kurisu: “You don’t have to worry about me. Remember that I represented my entire laboratory when we presented our research, even though there were men twice my age on the project.”
Kurisu: “I’m an expert at dealing with people. I’ll have no trouble keeping it a secret.”
Rintaro: “...Nullpo.”
Kurisu: “Gah!”
Kurisu: “No...!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s face gets even redder, and then she falls to her hands and knees in defeat. orz
UNSPOKEN: Just as I thought, @channel is in her blood and bones.
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t have a prayer.
UNSPOKEN: As night fell, we tried to activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) again, but as expected, the discharge did not occur.
Mayuri: “*yawn*...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is at her sewing machine, putting some finishing touches on a costume.
UNSPOKEN: She got back earlier this evening, after delivering a different costume to her friend, Fubuki-chan. She’s been working on this costume ever since.
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, she usually heads home around 7 or 8, but today, she’s still hard at work.
Rintaro: “Mayuri, go home before it gets too late. Your parents will worry.”
Mayuri: “It’s okay. I’m gonna stay the night.”
Rintaro: “...R-really?”
UNSPOKEN: She’s never done that before.
Mayuri: “Yup. I already told Mom and Dad.”
Rintaro: “Are you staying to work on your costume?”
Mayuri: “It won’t be done in time for ComiMa if I don’t. Ehehe!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Reported.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu calls out from the development room.
UNSPOKEN: She’s been tinkering with the PhoneWave (name subject to change), but I guess she was listening.
Kurisu: “What would you do if I called the cops on you?”
Rintaro: “I unleash my right arm on traitors, Christina.”
Kurisu: “Yeah, yeah, chuunibyou, whatever.”
Mayuri: “Um, I told Mom and Dad that Chris-chan would be here. Then they said okay.”
Kurisu: “Wait, so I have to stay too?”
Mayuri: “Yup♪ Don’t you have to work on the PhoneWave?”
Kurisu: “I guess... but I don’t relish the thought of spending the night here. At least, not with a certain somebody around.”
Rintaro: “Environment matters, Christina. This is a place of science and research, so you should have no trouble concentrating on your work. Trust the great Hououin Kyouma.”
Rintaro: “Also, it may surprise you to learn that I have equipped this lab with a system that stimulates brain function.”
Rintaro: “So if you were wondering where my incredible genius comes from, now you know! It’s because I sleep in this room every night!”
Kurisu: “This stimulation system of yours... I assume it’s been dumping toxic waste in your brain?”
Rintaro: “You sound like an environmentalist, Zombie.”
Mayuri: “Ah, Mayushii knows! You’re talking about that, right?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu comes out of the development room to check what Mayuri’s pointing at.
Kurisu: “This... air freshener?”
Mayuri: “Okarin said the smell makes you smarter. He bought it at Akiba-o. When was that?”
Rintaro: “...About six months ago. It was on sale for 500 yen.”
Kurisu: “I’m starting to think even you don’t believe the stuff you say.”
Kurisu: “And besides, this air freshener is empty.”
UNSPOKEN: Yeah. When I went to buy replacement packs, they had already stopped selling them.
Kurisu: “Well, whatever. I was planning to stay either way. I’ll join you, Mayuri-san.”
Mayuri: “Really? That’s great!”
Kurisu: “On one condition. Okabe leaves.”
Rintaro: “Me, leave? I practically live here! This lab was promised to me by Steins Gate. It’s the dwelling place of my soul!”
Kurisu: “We girls are staying here overnight, so you filthy boys need to show respect. Your home isn’t even far from here, right?”
Mayuri: “Okarin lives close to Mayushii, in Ikebukuro.”
Kurisu: “Why, that’s less than 30 minutes by train. Anyway, I’m not going to need your help tonight, so just go home like a good boy, okay?”
Rintaro: “But I refuse.”
Kurisu: “What? Are you planning to molest us!?”
Rintaro: “Shut up, Mongolian Spot!”
Kurisu: “I don’t have a Mongolian Spot! And when did you see my butt, anyway!?”
Rintaro: “I can’t leave two young girls here alone! Minors need guardians!”
Mayuri: “But Okarin’s a minor too!”
Rintaro: “I’ll be 20 in less than a year and a half. In other words, Steins Gate has decided that I am an adult.”
Kurisu: “I’m pretty sure that makes you a minor just like us.”
Mayuri: “Um, Chris-chan? I don’t think Okarin would do anything bad.”
Mayuri: “I mean, we’ve been together for more than ten years, and he hasn’t molested me once.”
Kurisu: “But he took you hostage, didn’t he?”
Mayuri: “Yup♪ Actually, I’m still his hostage.”
Kurisu: “We should kick him out of the room.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “NO!”
UNSPOKEN: After working on the PhoneWave (name subject to change) for about an hour, I head to a convenience store to buy dinner.
UNSPOKEN: Daru hasn’t shown his face at all today. He must be busy with that part-time job.
UNSPOKEN: I still don’t know what he’s doing, exactly.
UNSPOKEN: Probably something that utilizes his super hacka skills.
UNSPOKEN: I just hope he steers clear of the law.
UNSPOKEN: While walking, I skim @channel on my phone.
UNSPOKEN: Titor hasn’t shown up lately.
UNSPOKEN: I think it’s been a week since his last appearance.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve been reluctant to contact him ever since he called me the Messiah in his last email.
UNSPOKEN: That was about the same time he stopped posting.
UNSPOKEN: Now @channel’s denizens are busy slandering Titor. The majority opinion is that he ran away.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder where Titor went.
UNSPOKEN: I tried emailing him the other day, but he hasn’t replied.
UNSPOKEN: His disappearance is especially worrying now that I think he might be Suzuha’s dad.
UNSPOKEN: I need to contact him somehow.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Kyaaa! What are you doing!?”
Mayuri: “Hyah! No peeking, Okarin!”
UNSPOKEN: Through the steam, I see the wet, naked bodies of the two girls.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri squats down, while Kurisu bashfully twists her body, trying desperately to hide her unmentionables.
UNSPOKEN: Are their faces red because of the heat? Or...
Rintaro: “Phew. You’re still alive.”
UNSPOKEN: I wipe the cold sweat off my brow and sigh deeply.
Rintaro: “Don’t scare me like that. What are you guys doing packed into that tiny shower anyway?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shoots me a deadly glare.
Kurisu: “Get out, you perv!”
Rintaro: “Whoa!”
UNSPOKEN: I dodge a bar of soap aimed at my face, then quickly flee the dressing room.
UNSPOKEN: Well... I suppose that was all my fault.
Mayuri: “Mayushii’s sad... I feel kinda dirty....”
Kurisu: “You’re gonna regret this! I’ll never forgive you!”
UNSPOKEN: Dammit. It was just a small misunderstanding.
UNSPOKEN: I mean, why the hell did they decide to take a shower -- together! -- when they knew I was coming right back? It’s like they wanted to be seen.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, especially. After all that talk about not wanting to spend the night with me around, she sure dropped her guard awfully fast.
UNSPOKEN: They’re just lucky it was me who walked in on them. What if it had been the Organization?
UNSPOKEN: They need to get serious. We’re fighting for our lives here.
UNSPOKEN: ...By the way, I didn’t see a Mongolian Spot on Kurisu’s butt. Naturally.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, how much longer are they going to shower?
UNSPOKEN: Looking at the clock, it’s already been more than 15 minutes since I got back.
UNSPOKEN: They were yelling at me a few minutes ago, but now I hear laughter and happy squeals coming from the shower room.
UNSPOKEN: Sounds like they’re having a good time...
UNSPOKEN: They get along almost like sisters.
UNSPOKEN: They’re checking each other out, aren’t they!? Muhahaha!
UNSPOKEN: In my head, I call up the memory of what I saw in the shower.
UNSPOKEN: Wet hair. Beads of water glistening on their soapy skin. Round, full treasures hidden by conveniently placed steam...
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone to my ear.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “For the final adjustments, we need to use the PhoneWave.”
UNSPOKEN: I groan.
UNSPOKEN: In other words, we have to cause the electrical discharge phenomenon.
UNSPOKEN: There’s a risk involved.
UNSPOKEN: A risk called Mister Braun.
UNSPOKEN: As we know, the discharge phenomenon causes the entire building to shake. Last time, Mister Braun threatened to raise our rent if it happened again.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru look at me.
Itaru: “It’s up to you, Okarin.”
Kurisu: “Take care of it.”
Rintaro: “In other words, you’re sending me to die.”
Kurisu: “Your sacrifice will allow us to complete the time leap machine.”
Itaru: “Besides, you’re always the one who talks to the boss for us.”
Rintaro: “Well maybe it’s time for you to put your lives on the line.”
Kurisu: “I can’t. That girl who works there hates me.”
Rintaro: “...Fine. But hear this. I will not die! Like the immortal phoenix, I will return, no matter how many times it takes!”
UNSPOKEN: With that said, I head down to handle things with Mister Braun.
Mayuri: “Don’t die. Okay?”
UNSPOKEN: As I pass through the lounge, Mayuri looks up from her costume to see me off.
UNSPOKEN: When I step into the store, Mister Braun, Suzuha, and the chipmunk are watching some comedy show on the massive 42-inch CRT.
UNSPOKEN: Watching TV at noon without a customer in sight. Looks like business as usual at the Braun Tube Workshop.
Suzuha: “’Sup, Okabe Rintaro.”
UNSPOKEN: I raise my hand in response to Suzuha’s greeting.
UNSPOKEN: The chipmunk -- Nae -- quickly hides behind her father when she sees me.
Rintaro: “I see you’re as busy as ever.”
Tennouji: “Okabe! Buy a CRT.”
Rintaro: “No thanks. I’m not some kind of retro TV otaku. I’d rather buy an LCD.”
UNSPOKEN: I look around the store as I answer.
UNSPOKEN: ...Huh. I just thought of something.
UNSPOKEN: Like SERN’s Large Hadron Collider, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) must have some kind of electron feed to keep the black hole open. SERN calls this feed the ’lifter’.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Looks like you really are unkillable.”
Rintaro: “Heh heh heh. I have seen the future, Christina. In three minutes, you will be on your knees praising my greatness!”
Kurisu: “I don’t think so.”
UNSPOKEN: I run up the stairs.
Kurisu: “How could you miss something so obvious?”
UNSPOKEN: When I tell Kurisu about the 42-inch CRT downstairs, that is her first reaction.
Rintaro: “Why are you blaming me?”
Kurisu: “...I’m not blaming you. I’m just disappointed that nobody, including myself, noticed.”
Itaru: “We missed the forest for the trees.”
Rintaro: “To summarize...”
Rintaro: “Just now, when the PhoneWave (name subject to change) shook the building, the 42-inch CRT was on.”
Rintaro: “But when Mister Braun turned the TV off, the shaking stopped immediately.”
Kurisu: “The discharge was interrupted.”
Kurisu: “I put a banana in just to be sure. Nothing happened.”
Mayuri: “I’m glad. We shouldn’t waste food.”
UNSPOKEN: Nobody replies to Mayuri’s off-point statement. We’re busy reading about cathode ray tubes on the Internet.
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t take long before we find something interesting.
UNSPOKEN: A cathode ray tube has a component called an “electron gun,” which uses extreme heat and a strong electric field to accelerate electrons and turn them into a beam.
UNSPOKEN: The electron beam striking the TV screen’s phosphor layer is what generates the picture.
UNSPOKEN: An electron gun could certainly work as a lifter.
Kurisu: “We’ve found the answer.”
Kurisu: “The electrons emitted by the 42-inch CRT are holding the PhoneWave’s black hole open.”
Kurisu: “And the discharge phenomenon is the result.”
Itaru: “So the reason we can’t use the PhoneWave at night is because the Braun Tube Workshop’s closed?”
UNSPOKEN: The Braun Tube Workshop doesn’t have especially strict business hours, but it’s usually open from around 11 AM to 7 PM.
UNSPOKEN: That matches up perfectly with my observation that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) only works between noon and 6 PM.
UNSPOKEN: The few instances it hasn’t worked during that timeframe can be explained by the TV being off.
Rintaro: “But how can a cathode ray tube emit such a strong electron stream?”
Kurisu: “It’s not about having a strong electron stream. If stronger were better, SERN would’ve solved the lifter problem long ago.”
UNSPOKEN: I see. So it can’t be too strong or too weak.
UNSPOKEN: By freak coincidence, the 42-inch CRT’s electron gun appears to have exactly the right level of electron discharge.
UNSPOKEN: That’s the only explanation.
Kurisu: “Somehow, the conditions here were perfect to create a time machine. Frankly, it’s a miracle.”
Rintaro: “No, Christina! Not a miracle!”
Rintaro: “This is the choice of Steins Gate!”
UNSPOKEN: Rather than glare at me as she has so many times in the past, Kurisu shoots me an exasperated smile.
Kurisu: “Whatever it is, it worked.”
Mayuri: “Umm...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks up from her costume with a question in her eyes.
Mayuri: “So, um, what do we have to do to complete Super PhoneWave-chan?”
Kurisu: “Now that we’ve found the cause, there’s nothing left to hold us back.”
Kurisu: “We can safely conclude that time leaping is possible when, and only when, that television is on.”
Itaru: “We should probably test it, right? And there’s still the final check of the PhoneWave to do.”
Kurisu: “You’re right. Okabe.”
Rintaro: “What?”
Kurisu: “Go downstairs and turn that TV back on.”
Rintaro: “Ha. Ha. Ha. That’s hilarious, Christina. Allow me to dub that...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Assistant mine... have you finally recognized my greatness as a mad scientist?”
Kurisu: “No.”
Rintaro: “Ah.”
Itaru: “Damn. That was harsh.”
Kurisu: “Oh, whoops. I was supposed to flatter him so he’d feel like going, right?”
Kurisu: “Yes, you’re an amazing mad scientist.”
Rintaro: “It’s too late!”
Kurisu: “Anyway, now that we’ve found the lifter, the time leap machine is 99% complete.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s expression suddenly turns serious, but I can see the hunger in her eyes and the flush of excitement on her cheeks.
UNSPOKEN: She knows that we stand on the threshold of a new age in science, and she cannot resist the lure of the unknown.
UNSPOKEN: She’s a true scientist. No doubt about it.
Kurisu: “It’s your dream, isn’t it? To invent a time machine.”
UNSPOKEN: Our dream...
UNSPOKEN: I’ve never really thought about it that way.
UNSPOKEN: But she’s right. My hands are shaking.
UNSPOKEN: Not from fear of Mister Braun, but from excitement.
Rintaro: “I will become the undisputed lord of time. With that power, I will shatter the System and Chaos will rule the--”
Kurisu: “Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu interrupts my speech.
Kurisu: “I wasn’t asking Hououin Kyouma. I was asking Okabe.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: She spears me with her gaze.
UNSPOKEN: I meet it head on.
UNSPOKEN: After a few moments, I feel my mouth curve into a smile.
Rintaro: “I’ll do it. Leave it to me.”
UNSPOKEN: With that, I head downstairs.
UNSPOKEN: A cracked skull and an empty wallet are a small price to pay for science.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Daru send me off with applause for some reason.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s the only one who looks worried, but I pat her head in reassurance.
UNSPOKEN: When I get downstairs, Suzuha and the chipmunk are sitting side by side on the bench outside.
Suzuha: “’Sup.”
Nae: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Nae gives me a quick bow, then hides behind Suzuha.
Suzuha: “That shaking upstairs put the boss in a bad mood. Nae and I are waiting it out.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn. Now I really don’t want to go in there.
Nae: “Um... are you okay? Dad hit you pretty hard...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “It’s done?”
Mayuri: “Yup. I finished before Chris-chan. We were racing.”
Kurisu: “You win, Mayuri. Congratulations.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, assistant...
UNSPOKEN: She treats me and Daru like garbage, but Mayuri gets the sisterly touch.
Kurisu: “Actually, I’m just about finished too.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu connects the two cords she’s holding.
Kurisu: “Done.”
UNSPOKEN: Celebration is in order.
UNSPOKEN: ...But nobody cheers.
Mayuri: “It’s a tie...”
Itaru: “Man, I’m tired... I want Faris-tan to comfort me...”
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I don’t feel like cheering either.
UNSPOKEN: And it’s not because I’m tired.
UNSPOKEN: We worked around the clock for three straight days to finish the time leap machine, but now that it is complete, I realize that part of me never truly believed it would happen.
UNSPOKEN: I feel my enthusiasm cooling rapidly, the fire quenched by one stark question.
UNSPOKEN: What do we do with it?
UNSPOKEN: I look at Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: She, too, seems less than enthused. 
Kurisu: “We may have created a monster here...”
UNSPOKEN: I look at the improved PhoneWave (name subject to change) again.
UNSPOKEN: The biggest change is the headgear attached to the X68000.
UNSPOKEN: It looks like something out of a low-budget cyberpunk movie. Fortunately, we don’t need nerve jacks or brain chips for it to work. You just put it on and let the sensors do the rest.
Rintaro: “Why don’t we decide what to call it first?”
Rintaro: “I vote Heavenly Express!”
Itaru: “PhoneWave 3rd Edition ver1.00.”
Mayuri: “Silly Hat PhoneWave-chan.”
UNSPOKEN: No consensus.
Kurisu: “You guys have too much free time.”
Rintaro: “Does that mean you’re abstaining from the vote?”
Kurisu: “...Time Leap Machine.”
Itaru: “That’s terrible.”
Kurisu: “C-come on! Simple is best, right? I mean, that’s what Okabe’s been calling it for the past two days.”
Rintaro: “Looks like my assistant has zero naming sense.”
Kurisu: “I don’t want to hear that from a chuunibyou headcase like you.”
Itaru: “Oh-ho! So Makise-shi knows the word chuunibyou... I sense your otaku level is quite high.”
Kurisu: “I... heard it from a friend. I have no idea where it comes from!”
UNSPOKEN: Hah! A baldfaced lie.
UNSPOKEN: She should just confess to being an @channeler.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu meets my grin with an icy glare.
Rintaro: “It’s up to you, Mayuri. Choose one.”
UNSPOKEN: Whenever the lab is divided on a name, the right to decide belongs to Mayuri.
Mayuri: “Hmmm...”
Mayuri: “I think Time Leap Machine is fine.”
Mayuri: “Silly Hat PhoneWave-chan is super close though...”
Itaru: “Somehow I knew she’d say that.”
Kurisu: “Like I said, simple is best. Mayuri gets it.”
Mayuri: “Ehehe!”
UNSPOKEN: I want to object, but it’s an unwritten rule not to complain once Mayuri’s made a decision.
Rintaro: “Very well. Time Leap Machine it is.”
Rintaro: “Assistant! Explain for us all how the Time Leap Machine works.”
UNSPOKEN: I know the basics, but I want to hear details.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods and stands in front of the whiteboard.
Kurisu: “In short, this device converts memories to data and sends them to the past.”
Kurisu: “Let’s begin with what we all know. By freak coincidence, the PhoneWave is able to produce ring singularities, much like John Titor’s time machine.”
Kurisu: “Through the ring singularity, we are able to send up to 36 bytes of data to the past.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “How long does it take to send 3.24 terabytes of data?”
Itaru: “We have 64 direct lines in parallel. So if we send it in 64 parts...”
Itaru: “It should upload in about 45 seconds.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s... pretty fast.
Kurisu: “Next, we hijack the LHC, create a mini black hole, and use that black hole’s supergravity to compress the data into 36 bytes.”
UNSPOKEN: 3 terabytes is about 3 trillion bytes. Compressing that into just 36 bytes...
UNSPOKEN: That’s one hell of a squeeze.
Rintaro: “Will the compression take long?”
Itaru: “It’s practically instantaneous. 23 milliseconds or thereabouts. We’re using a black hole, after all.”
Kurisu: “By the way, the compression only holds in the immediate vicinity of the black hole. Once the data leaves that area, it will begin to decompress on its own.”
Kurisu: “This, too, takes 23 milliseconds.”
Itaru: “It has to make it back to the X68000 and into the PhoneWave within that window.”
Itaru: “It’s only 36 bytes. Shouldn’t be a problem.”
Rintaro: “Continue, Christina.”
Kurisu: “While the data is being compressed, we use the PhoneWave to generate a Kerr ring singularity. When the electron discharge phenomenon occurs, we take the 36-byte data, patch it in...”
Kurisu: “And send it to the past.”
Kurisu: “This part is just like a D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “The data travels to the specified time, where it arrives at the recipient’s phone.”
Kurisu: “By now, 23 milliseconds should have passed, so the data will be fully decompressed.”
Kurisu: “Next, the decoding program runs, converting the data back into nerve impulse signals.”
Kurisu: “These signals are discharged from the phone’s earpiece at approximately 0.02 amperes, a pretty weak charge.”
Kurisu: “If the recipient has the phone to his ear, they should go straight into his brain.”
Rintaro: “Assuming he answers his phone.”
Kurisu: “If he doesn’t, the transfer fails. Fortunately, we lose nothing but that copy of the memory data.”
Rintaro: “Why a phone call instead of an email?”
Kurisu: “Because we need the recipient to put the phone to his ear. Otherwise the signals won’t reach his temporal lobe.”
UNSPOKEN: She indicates the side of her head.
Kurisu: “In this area you have the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain. As I explained before, the hippocampus, where memories are stored, is inside the temporal lobe.”
Kurisu: “The phone sends out electrical impulses that pass through the temporal lobe and into the hippocampus, overwriting the recipient’s memories.”
Kurisu: “At the same time, the phone sends impulses that stimulate the frontal lobe as well. This is important.”
Kurisu: “Remember that the frontal lobe is responsible for sending retrieval signals to the temporal lobe. This is how you remember things.”
Kurisu: “By stimulating the frontal lobe, we force it to send retrieval signals keyed to the new memory data.”
Kurisu: “Thus, the recipient recalls all of those memories as if they were his own.”
Kurisu: “Which, of course, they are, or will be in the future.”
Kurisu: “This happens in less than a second.”
Kurisu: “Now the recipient has the same memories as the sender. The time leap is complete.”
Kurisu: “If the data came from one week in the future, the recipient will ’remember’ that week as if he experienced it firsthand.”
Kurisu: “We need to be aware that consciousness and personality aren’t transferred. Both of those depend on the recipient.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Let’s say we send your memories to you in grade school.”
Rintaro: “Right now, you’re some kind of omnisexual pervert who thinks inanimate objects are hot. But in elementary school, you were still an innocent child.”
Itaru: “I was a boring little bastard who did nothing but study, what of it?”
Rintaro: “Basically, that little bastard would suddenly have all your perverted memories, but his personality wouldn’t change.”
Rintaro: “It’s not like you’ll become that famous anime detective with ’the looks of a child and the brains of an adult’.”
Itaru: “What? That sucks.”
UNSPOKEN: This isn’t like the time-leaping you see in sci-fi novels. We aren’t yet capable of transferring personality and consciousness.
Kurisu: “Ahem.”
Kurisu: “Um, since you need a phone to receive the signal, you can only send memories to the times you had one.”
Kurisu: “We also need to make sure that the sender and recipient are the same person.”
Kurisu: “If someone besides your past self -- your parents, or a friend, for instance -- answers the phone, then the nerve impulse signals will be projected into their brain instead.”
Kurisu: “If that happens, your memories could overwrite theirs, which could obviously cause serious damage to their psyche.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ends her explanation and takes a short breath.
UNSPOKEN: The lab falls into silence.
UNSPOKEN: I exchange glances with Kurisu and Daru.
UNSPOKEN: I look at Mayuri, but her expression is blank. I guess it was too complicated for her.
Rintaro: “So.”
UNSPOKEN: I clear my throat. It’s time for the million dollar question.
Rintaro: “What do we do with it?”
Itaru: “Do with what?”
Rintaro: “The Time Leap Machine, of course. What do we do with it?”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: For once, my assistant has nothing to say.
UNSPOKEN: I already know that she fears we’ve created a monster. Honestly, I feel the same way.
UNSPOKEN: After a few moments, Kurisu finally speaks.
Kurisu: “It’s too much for us to handle, that’s for sure. The safest thing would be to hand it over to the government for professional research.”
UNSPOKEN: I can tell that she’s not pleased to have reached this conclusion. She obviously would prefer to experiment with this technology.
UNSPOKEN: After all, it’s humanity’s first time machine. We’ve finally taken our first steps towards godhood.
UNSPOKEN: I’m sure that the nations of the world would pay billions for just one look at our machine.
UNSPOKEN: The possibilities that it represents are limitless.
Itaru: “It just doesn’t feel real.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii doesn’t get it...”
Itaru: “That’s ’cause you didn’t work on it, Mayu-shi.”
Mayuri: “Oh, right. Ehehe!”
Kurisu: “What about you, Okabe? And I mean you, not Hououin Kyouma.”
UNSPOKEN: I agree with Kurisu that the Time Leap Machine is dangerous.
UNSPOKEN: On the other hand...
Rintaro: “I want to experiment.”
UNSPOKEN: I state my honest feelings.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gasps.
Rintaro: “But there are still questions we need to answer.”
UNSPOKEN: This is unknown territory -- not just for us, but for all of humanity.
Rintaro: “...Who will time leap?”
UNSPOKEN: I look to each of the lab mems in turn.
UNSPOKEN: Daru quickly looks away.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s expression is blank.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu... stares right back at me.
Kurisu: “...It’s hard to choose.”
Itaru: “I’ll pass.”
Mayuri: “...?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Not a single person here wants the honor of being history’s first time traveler.
UNSPOKEN: Everyone -- except for Mayuri -- is probably thinking about what could go wrong.
UNSPOKEN: What if the time leap were to fail?
Kurisu: “It’s not like SERN’s time machine. The possibility of becoming a jellyman is zero.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “What if there’s an error somewhere, and the data itself gets fractalized?”
Rintaro: “Let’s say I send my memories an hour into the past.”
Rintaro: “My memories would be replaced by fractalized data. In other words, data full of tiny holes.”
Rintaro: “Couldn’t that cause memory loss?”
Kurisu: “...I suppose.”
Rintaro: “One hour later, we arrive once again at the present. At that time, the me who lost his memories an hour ago and the current me conflict in my brain.”
Rintaro: “Which data set survives?”
Kurisu: “...Logically, the present should change as soon as you send your memories to the past.”
UNSPOKEN: The conflicting “current me” disappears, then.
Rintaro: “So then it’s not a copy-paste at all, is it?”
Kurisu: “I don’t know. No one’s ever experienced time travel before.”
Rintaro: “When we send a D-Mail, the world is reconstructed based on the change we made to the past.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m the only one who’s aware of this, however.
Kurisu: “We don’t know what happens when you time leap.”
Kurisu: “If it’s the many-worlds interpretation like Titor said, then the instant you time leap, it creates two possibilities -- one where you shift to another worldline, and one where you travel back in time on the same worldline.”
Kurisu: “Of course, there must also be a worldline where the current you doesn’t disappear. That would likely correspond to the present that we are experiencing right now.”
Mayuri: “???”
UNSPOKEN: But that’s only if the many-worlds interpretation holds in the first place.
Rintaro: “I thought you didn’t believe what Titor had to say.”
Kurisu: “I’m talking hypothetically. Titor doesn’t matter right now.”
Kurisu: “If it’s the Copenhagen interpretation, then every possible state propagates through space as a wave function. When a particular state is observed, the remaining states collapse and that state is fixed.”
UNSPOKEN: But precise observation is impossible.
Rintaro: “The problem is who the observer is in this case.”
Itaru: “Wouldn’t it be a third party? Like me, or Mayu-shi.”
Mayuri: “...?”
Rintaro: “Not necessarily. It might be me. It might be someone else. It could even be God.”
UNSPOKEN: To begin with, the Copenhagen interpretation and the many-worlds interpretation are both micro-scale theories used to explain quantum interactions.
UNSPOKEN: No one knows whether they can be applied to humans, or to the world at large.
UNSPOKEN: What about my personal experiences with Reading Steiner?
UNSPOKEN: If Reading Steiner is the sort of power I think it is, then the “worldline” model is correct.
Rintaro: “In the end, we arrive at the question of ’where is the self?’”
Kurisu: “This Time Leap Machine only sends memories. That, I guarantee.”
Itaru: “Won’t the present be reconstructed at the moment of transfer?”
Itaru: “That’s what happens with Okarin’s Reading Steiner, right?”
Rintaro: “That makes sense where D-Mails are concerned. When we send a D-Mail, we’re obviously interfering in past events.”
Rintaro: “But time leaping is different. All you do is send your memories to the past, which isn’t the same thing as sending a targeted D-Mail.”
Rintaro: “Whether the me who suddenly ’remembers’ one hour into the future will, in fact, change the past is something we can’t know until it happens.”
Itaru: “I’m getting confused.”
Itaru: “It sounds like we’re talking about the soul. Isn’t that a religious question?”
Kurisu: “Wait. You guys are misunderstanding something.”
Kurisu: “One hour isn’t enough time for your personality to change. You should be the same person one hour ago that you are now.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Well, I can’t. Nobody’s tried it before.”
UNSPOKEN: This discussion’s going nowhere.
UNSPOKEN: Personality and consciousness can’t be strictly defined, so it’s hard to imagine what might happen.
Mayuri: “So, which is it?”
Kurisu: “We don’t know. We can argue the theories all we want, but in the end, we can only guess.”
Kurisu: “This experiment may end up shattering preconceptions scientists and philosophers have held for centuries.”
UNSPOKEN: We won’t know until we try. That pretty much sums it up.
UNSPOKEN: To make matters worse, the subject must be prepared to risk damage to their psyche.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, Daru, and I say no more.
UNSPOKEN: We can’t solve this problem.
UNSPOKEN: This is our limit as scientists.
UNSPOKEN: But haven’t we accomplished enough already?
UNSPOKEN: The Time Leap Machine itself is worthy of a Nobel Prize. We could sell this technology for billions, if we so chose.
UNSPOKEN: And if we go public with the Time Leap Machine, we can break SERN’s monopoly on time travel technology.
UNSPOKEN: That’s enough. It has to be.
Mayuri: “Hey...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, who has been observing the discussion with glassy eyes, opens her mouth to speak.
Mayuri: “Um, I have an idea...”
Mayuri: “Why don’t we make a banana time leap instead?”
Kurisu: “Oh Mayuri...”
Kurisu: “Bananas don’t have brains like people do.”
Mayuri: “Oh... you need a brain, huh...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri never changes.
UNSPOKEN: The atmosphere in the room gets a little more relaxed.
Rintaro: “Let’s not experiment.”
Rintaro: “We’ll entrust the Time Leap Machine to a suitable research institution. Then we’ll announce it to the world.”
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to the lightening of the mood, I can finally say what was on my mind.
UNSPOKEN: Neither Kurisu nor Daru objects.
UNSPOKEN: No one has touched the Time Leap Machine since that discussion.
UNSPOKEN: Ridiculous as it sounds, I can’t shake the feeling that it might suck my memories out and fling them into the past.
UNSPOKEN: Oh, the machine does have its appeal, of course.
UNSPOKEN: We’re all tempted by the idea of becoming humanity’s first “time leapers.”
UNSPOKEN: Yet the fear of what could happen won out in the end.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps as a way to forget our fears and move on, we decide to hold a celebration to mark the completion of the device.
UNSPOKEN: Everyone feels the need to let loose after working so hard on the project.
UNSPOKEN: I have Daru order pizza while Kurisu and I go shopping for snacks.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Are you upset?”
Kurisu: “Upset?”
UNSPOKEN: She frowns, like she didn’t expect that question.
UNSPOKEN: Finally, she faces this way.
Rintaro: “About our decision not to attempt a Time Leap experiment.”
Kurisu: “No, I’m not upset.”
Kurisu: “’Humans are temporal beings.’”
Kurisu: “That’s a Heidegger quote.”
Kurisu: “I was actually relieved when you made the decision not to use the machine.”
Kurisu: “If you hadn’t been there, I might not have been able to stop myself.”
Kurisu: “Thank you.”
UNSPOKEN: What’s this? Gratitude?
UNSPOKEN: Does she have a fever?
UNSPOKEN: I put my hand to her forehead to check. Kurisu twitches.
Kurisu: “Uh, what are you doing?”
Rintaro: “You’re talking like an assistant for a change. I thought you might have a fever.”
UNSPOKEN: I drop my hand.
Kurisu: “I’m not grateful to you or anything, okay!?”
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is louder than it should be, and several people glance at us.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu blushes and hangs her head.
UNSPOKEN: If Daru were here, he’d probably get all excited and say, “A real tsundere, sweet!”
Kurisu: “Anyway.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clears her throat and returns to her usual sour expression.
Kurisu: “That ’thank you’ was just a formality. Don’t get me wrong, okay?”
Rintaro: “Of course. I only did what I had to.”
Rintaro: “I am the founder of the Future Gadget Lab, Hououin Kyouma. My first priority is to protect the welfare of my lab mems.”
Rintaro: “So I have no need for your thanks.”
Kurisu: “And yet you always talk about plunging the world into chaos.”
Rintaro: “You are my allies, and the world is my enemy.”
Kurisu: “I’m speechless. You’re too self-righteous.”
Rintaro: “You say ’speechless,’ yet you’re speaking?”
Kurisu: “Don’t argue semantics.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s quite mysterious, really...
UNSPOKEN: It’s only been two weeks since Kurisu and I met.
UNSPOKEN: And yet it already feels natural for us to be walking together, exchanging banter like this.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps pooling our efforts to create something new -- dangerous though it may be -- has brought us closer together.
UNSPOKEN: I admit that her knowledge and skills are impressive.
UNSPOKEN: I’d like her to remain at the lab if at all possible, but she said she’s going back to America this month. It’s already the 13th, so I wonder when she plans to return.
UNSPOKEN: I decide to ask her.
Kurisu: “Oh yeah, I forgot to get a plane ticket.”
Kurisu: “I got too caught up in improving the PhoneWave.”
Rintaro: “Going public with the Time Leap Machine will send the world into an uproar. We also plan to expose SERN, remember? You may not be able to go back to America for some time.”
Kurisu: “I guess you’re right. I should call Mama and let her know.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like things are going to get busy.
UNSPOKEN: Naturally, I want Kurisu to stay with us to the end.
UNSPOKEN: A little bit after we return to the lab, Mayuri gets back. 
Mayuri: “Tutturu♪ I’m back!”
UNSPOKEN: Seems Mayuri went to Lukako’s.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shows up a few minutes later, and our development council comes to order.
UNSPOKEN: Daru ordered three pizzas.
UNSPOKEN: We also line up all the snacks we bought on the table.
UNSPOKEN: It’s just like the party we had a few days ago to cheer up Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri wanted to decorate the room, but since everyone’s tired, I dismissed it as unnecessary.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Suzuha managed to retrieve her jacket from Mister Braun.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Maybe she thinks you’ll make her wear a costume again.”
Rintaro: “You still haven’t convinced her to cosplay?”
UNSPOKEN: Then what was the point of completing the costume?
Mayuri: “She said it was embarrassing. I keep telling her ’Cuteness is Justice’, but she never listens.”
Kurisu: “’Cuteness is Justice’... is that what they say?”
Mayuri: “You’re cute too, Chris-chan!”
Kurisu: “Hah? Eh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t know how to react. She blushes, and Mayuri starts teasing her like a drunk old man.
UNSPOKEN: There’s no alcohol at this party, of course.
Mayuri: “Hey, ComiMa’s coming up. Wanna go?”
Mayuri: “I can’t make something new, but I have a costume of Post-Awakening Seira from Blood Tune I made last year. I think the size is just right for Chris-chan too.”
Kurisu: “Me, cosplay?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks conflicted. Then she murmurs--
Kurisu: “I’m sorta interested.”
UNSPOKEN: She sure could have fooled us before, pretending to have no interest in otaku culture.
Kurisu: “But I refuse to do it in public, though.”
Mayuri: “You don’t have to show anyone, but eventually, you’ll want them to see. The cosplay demon compels you!”
UNSPOKEN: The... cosplay demon?
Mayuri: “That reminds me. Chris-chan, you’re always wearing that cute uniform. What school is it from?”
Kurisu: “Oh, this?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lifts up her necktie.
Kurisu: “I attended Ayamein for about two weeks. I modeled this outfit after their uniform.”
Mayuri: “Oh! Their uniform is really cute, but you made it even cuter! You might have really good design sense♪”
Mayuri: “I’ll bring the costume tomorrow, okay? Will you try it on then?”
Kurisu: “Sure.”
UNSPOKEN: Looks like Kurisu approves of the “Cuteness is Justice” philosophy.
Itaru: “When’s the photo shoot?”
Kurisu: “Good to know you’re still a pervert, Hashida.”
Itaru: “Come on, it’s Blood Tune’s Seira! She’s got ’panmoro’ going on!”
Kurisu: “Panmoro?”
Itaru: “It means her panties are completely exposed!”
Kurisu: “N-no way...”
Mayuri: “It’s okay♪”
Mayuri: “You might not know this, but last year, there was a really popular saying.”
Mayuri: “’They’re not panties, so it’s not embarrassing!’”
Kurisu: “It’s plenty embarrassing, trust me!”
Mayuri: “Wear it, okay? It’s a promise!”
Suzuha: “Maybe you shouldn’t bother.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks, her tone sharp.
UNSPOKEN: She’s scowling at Kurisu again.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room changes.
Suzuha: “You’re asking for trouble by trusting Makise Kurisu.”
Kurisu: “What’s that supposed to mean?”
UNSPOKEN: Naturally, my strong-willed assistant isn’t one to back down from a fight.
UNSPOKEN: Sparks fly between the two girls.
Kurisu: “I’ve been meaning to ask. Did I do something to you?”
Suzuha: “Not to me. But I know everything you have done.”
Kurisu: “What do you mean? I’ve done nothing to be guilty of.”
Suzuha: “Perhaps. But I know your true nature.”
Kurisu: “Wow, you can see into my heart? That’s groundbreaking technology. I’d love to hear how it works.”
Suzuha: “It’s not science. It’s... a prediction.”
Kurisu: “So you’re just making it up.”
Suzuha: “I know.”
UNSPOKEN: Uh-oh, we’ve got a situation here.
Mayuri: “Okarin.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri clings to me with teary eyes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You didn’t raise me at all.”
Rintaro: “If you want to become a true mad scientist, you must learn to keep your emotions in check even as you cackle your way to victory!”
Kurisu: “Nobody asked you. And I’m already a scientist.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Next, I switch focus to Suzuha.
Rintaro: “Warrior! Your enemy is SERN, remember? You must conserve your strength for Ragnarok.”
Suzuha: “I warned you before, Okabe Rintaro. Makise Kurisu is a threat.”
Rintaro: “Wha--”
UNSPOKEN: You’re going to mention that here? Now?
Kurisu: “Oh? What’s this about, Okabe?”
UNSPOKEN: Their eyes are like laser beams boring into my skull. I want nothing more than to flee for my life.
UNSPOKEN: But Mayuri’s watching me anxiously. I need to defuse the situation.
Rintaro: “MUHAHAHA!”
Rintaro: “Looks like neither of you is willing to back down. So be it! Fight to your hearts’ content! Fight until there is no more fight to be had! Then, share a manly handshake by the river and let friendship blossom!”
Rintaro: “But in the future, when it comes time for you to venture out into the real world, I hope you remember one thing...”
Rintaro: “Nobody likes a mood-killer!”
Kurisu & Suzuha: ”Shut up!”
UNSPOKEN: Getting yelled at by both of them at the same time sends shivers down my spine.
UNSPOKEN: It’s coming. I quickly seize my right arm.
Rintaro: “Gah! Why now, of all times!? Calm down, right arm of mine!”
UNSPOKEN: I turn around and head back to Mayuri.
Rintaro: “I’m sorry, Mayuri. At his rate, I’ll end up hurting those two. I have no choice... the rest is up to you...”
Mayuri: “Geez...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri puffs her cheeks out and goes over to the two girls.
Mayuri: “Um, guys? Mayushii doesn’t like it when you fight. Let’s all get along, okay?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with her?”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha’s acting strange.
UNSPOKEN: Is it related to the bomb threat?
UNSPOKEN: Why did she just ask about the Time Leap Machine?
UNSPOKEN: Something occurs to me.
UNSPOKEN: The two threatening emails I received...
UNSPOKEN: “We’re watching you.”
UNSPOKEN: “You know too much.”
UNSPOKEN: Who sent them?
UNSPOKEN: And there’s more.
UNSPOKEN: Words and images flash through my head.
UNSPOKEN: SERN.
UNSPOKEN: The LHC.
UNSPOKEN: Jellymen.
UNSPOKEN: The Z Program.
UNSPOKEN: Government secrets.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Why...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, who has kept silent until now, finally opens her mouth.
Kurisu: “Why just the three of us?”
UNSPOKEN: That’s when I realize that Mayuri wasn’t included in Moeka’s demand. She only wants Kurisu, Daru, and me.
Moeka: “I’m not answering your questions.”
Moeka: “Come with us. It’s your only choice.”
UNSPOKEN: We’re not getting anywhere.
Itaru: “O-Okarin...”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s voice is shaking. I turn my head to look at him. He’s deathly pale.
Itaru: “D-don’t you think we should do what she says?”
Rintaro: “But unless she tells me the reason...”
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I have no idea what to do.
UNSPOKEN: My heart is still fluttering in my chest. This seems more like a dream than reality.
UNSPOKEN: I’m not a military otaku. I’ve never seen a real gun.
UNSPOKEN: The black shine of their weapons looks somehow tacky. They lack the imposing feel you expect.
UNSPOKEN: I’d believe her if she told me they were fake.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri suddenly speaks up.
Mayuri: “M-Moeka-san, you’re a lab mem too... aren’t you?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Mayuri! No!”
UNSPOKEN: I try to yell “Stop!” but my voice catches in my throat.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing comes out but a pitiful wheeze.
UNSPOKEN: Someone.
UNSPOKEN: Anyone.
UNSPOKEN: Please.
UNSPOKEN: Stop her.
UNSPOKEN: Stop Moeka!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s lips move.
UNSPOKEN: She’s mumbling something.
Moeka: “For SERN... for FB... for SERN... for FB...”
UNSPOKEN: Her mouth opens and closes robotically.
UNSPOKEN: My blood curdles. 
UNSPOKEN: No!
UNSPOKEN: A sharp, dry crack splits the air.
UNSPOKEN: Time slows to a crawl.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “No... no!”
UNSPOKEN: She’s dead.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s dead.
UNSPOKEN: Her face is covered in blood.
UNSPOKEN: Her blood stains my hands.
UNSPOKEN: It’s warm.
Moeka: “You three come with us. Now.”
Moeka: “No more warnings.”
Moeka: “Resist, and we’ll kill you too.”
UNSPOKEN: I hear a voice.
UNSPOKEN: But I can’t comprehend what it’s saying.
UNSPOKEN: What is this?
UNSPOKEN: What’s going on here?
UNSPOKEN: Is this a joke?
UNSPOKEN: This is a dream, right?
UNSPOKEN: ...Right?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe!”
UNSPOKEN: But before I can take a step, someone grabs my hand from behind.
Kurisu: “You can’t!”
Rintaro: “Let me go! Let me go!”
Kurisu: “You can’t! They’ll kill you!”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s gun is aimed at my head.
UNSPOKEN: Her finger is already on the trigger.
Rintaro: “You gonna kill me too!?”
Moeka: “If you resist.”
Kurisu: “Please, Okabe, do what she says. Okay?”
Kurisu: “Otherwise, they’ll kill you too.”
UNSPOKEN: I tear my hand from Kurisu’s grip.
UNSPOKEN: My vision is a tunnel with Moeka on the other side.
UNSPOKEN: She won’t get away with this.
UNSPOKEN: She killed Mayuri in cold blood.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll do the same to her!
Kurisu: “No!”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka pulls the trigger.
Moeka: “...!?”
UNSPOKEN: The sound of the shot smites upon my eardrums.
UNSPOKEN: I feel a sharp pain on the side of my head.
UNSPOKEN: I nearly lose my balance again.
UNSPOKEN: But I’m still alive.
UNSPOKEN: What happened?
UNSPOKEN: I realize that Moeka’s gun is lying at her feet. Beside it is a small stone.
UNSPOKEN: Someone must have thrown it and knocked her gun aside.
Suzuha: “Get down!”
Attacker B: “Gweh!!”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Suzuha is there in the doorway, knocking one man down in the blink of an eye.
UNSPOKEN: Before anyone can react, she darts into another man’s range and delivers a piercing elbow strike to his solar plexus.
UNSPOKEN: The man drops to his knees, gasping for air.
UNSPOKEN: The remaining men turn their guns on her, but she throws the incapacitated man towards them to block their aim.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “I’m going back!”
Kurisu: “No! I should be the one to--”
UNSPOKEN: I grab Kurisu’s wrist as she tries to take it back.
UNSPOKEN: I stare into her eyes, eyes wet with tears.
Rintaro: “I will save Mayuri!”
Kurisu: “But what if it fails!?”
UNSPOKEN: I ignore her and put on the headgear.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s last shot grazed the side of my head.
UNSPOKEN: My ears are still ringing, and there’s blood on my neck.
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t matter.
UNSPOKEN: I might fail. I might even die.
UNSPOKEN: But I have to try.
UNSPOKEN: It’s my only chance to save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bites her lip and activates the X68000.
Suzuha: “Okabe Rintaro! One of them’s moving!”
Moeka: “Get in there! Kill them!”
Attacker A: “Damn... kids!”
UNSPOKEN: The crew-cut man staggers into the development room.
UNSPOKEN: Acting purely on instinct, I grab Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake from the shelf and flick the switch.
UNSPOKEN: White smoke instantly fills the room, rendering it impossible to see.
Moeka: “Kill them!”
Kurisu: “Augh!”
Rintaro: “Kurisu!?”
Kurisu: “Ugh, gh, Okabe!! Are you sure!?”
Kurisu: “Are you sure about this!? Really!?”
Rintaro: “Do it, Kurisu! Activate the machine!”
Rintaro: “Agh!”
UNSPOKEN: Pain flares in my right arm.
UNSPOKEN: Was I shot?
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t matter.
UNSPOKEN: I see blue-white light shining through the smoke.
UNSPOKEN: The discharge is starting!
UNSPOKEN: The light rapidly grows brighter.
UNSPOKEN: The floor begins to shake.
UNSPOKEN: The singularity is open!
UNSPOKEN: I crouch down, holding the headset steady with one hand.
UNSPOKEN: Wait for me, Mayuri!
UNSPOKEN: I won’t die here!
UNSPOKEN: I’ll cross through time to save you!
UNSPOKEN: Leap, my memories.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe? Are you listening?”
UNSPOKEN: A familiar voice.
UNSPOKEN: I turn around slowly.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is there.
UNSPOKEN: She stares at me, perplexed.
Kurisu: “What was all that screaming for?”
UNSPOKEN: What is she talking about?
Kurisu: “Are you sick?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I try answering, but my voice doesn’t work too well.
UNSPOKEN: Even more bewildered, I clear my throat several times.
Rintaro: “...No, I’m fine.”
Kurisu: “Then get ready to go already. We’re going shopping, remember?”
Rintaro: “...Shopping?”
UNSPOKEN: For what?
UNSPOKEN: I search my memories.
UNSPOKEN: The moment I do, images appear in my mind like a string of exploding lightbulbs.
Kurisu: “’Humans are temporal beings.’”
Mayuri: “But now you’re fine.”
Kurisu: “Are you sure about this!? Really!?”
Rintaro: “Ah... ah...”
UNSPOKEN: I remember now.
UNSPOKEN: I used the Time Leap Machine.
Kurisu: “You’ll remember the future.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s right! What am I standing around for!?
Rintaro: “Where am I?”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: I grab Kurisu’s shoulders and pull her close.
Rintaro: “What time is it now!? What month? What day!?”
Kurisu: “Hey, that hurts! Calm down!”
Rintaro: “How can I be calm!? Shopping? You said we’re going shopping?”
UNSPOKEN: Which shopping trip is she talking about?
UNSPOKEN: Daru is sitting at his computer, staring at us wide-eyed.
Rintaro: “Daru! What day is it!? What time is it!?”
Itaru: “Uh, ummm, well, it’s the 13th... a little past 5.”
UNSPOKEN: The 13th, a little past 5...
Rintaro: “...Did it work?”
UNSPOKEN: Did I manage to time leap in the middle of all that chaos?
UNSPOKEN: Did my memories really jump through time?
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean I’ve leaped into my past self?
UNSPOKEN: Is there a chance that it was all a dream?
UNSPOKEN: Thinking back -- forward -- it doesn’t seem real.
UNSPOKEN: Commandos breaking into the lab... it’s like something out of a Hollywood movie.
UNSPOKEN: But the sight of Mayuri, broken and bloody, is burned into my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: I remember the smell of the blood.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Maybe she thinks you’ll make her wear a costume again.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s just like my dream.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve never remembered a dream this vividly before. I remember every word that was spoken.
Rintaro: “You still haven’t convinced her to cosplay?”
Mayuri: “She said it was embarrassing. I keep telling her ’Cuteness is Justice’, but she never listens...”
Kurisu: “’Cuteness is Justice’... is that what they say?”
Mayuri: “You’re cute too, Chris-chan!”
Kurisu: “Hah? Eh?”
Mayuri: “Hey, ComiMa’s coming up. Wanna go?”
Mayuri: “I can’t make something new, but I have a costume of Post-Awakening Seira from Blood Tune I made last year. I think the size is just right for you too.”
Kurisu: “Me, cosplay?”
Kurisu: “I’m sorta interested.”
Kurisu: “But I refuse to do it in public, though.”
Mayuri: “You don’t have to show anyone, but eventually, you’ll want them to see. The cosplay demon compels you!”
Mayuri: “That reminds me. Chris-chan, you’re always wearing that cute uniform. What school is it from?”
Kurisu: “Oh, this?”
Kurisu: “I attended Ayamein for about two weeks. I modeled this outfit after their uniform.”
Mayuri: “Oh! Their uniform is really cute, but you made it even cuter! You might have really good design sense♪”
Mayuri: “I’ll bring the costume tomorrow, okay? Will you try it on then?”
Kurisu: “Sure.”
Itaru: “When’s the photo shoot?”
Kurisu: “Good to know you’re still a pervert, Hashida.”
Itaru: “Come on, it’s Blood Tune’s Seira! She’s got ’panmoro’ going on!”
Kurisu: “Panmoro?”
Itaru: “It means her panties are completely exposed!”
Kurisu: “N-no way...”
Mayuri: “It’s okay♪”
Mayuri: “You might not know this, but last year, there was a really popular saying.”
Mayuri: “’They’re not panties, so it’s not embarrassing!’”
Kurisu: “Japan is over...”
Mayuri: “Wear it, okay? It’s a promise!”
Suzuha: “Maybe you shouldn’t bother.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha speaks, her tone sharp.
UNSPOKEN: She’s scowling at Kurisu again.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room changes.
UNSPOKEN: ...I remember this too.
UNSPOKEN: I feel like I’m losing my mind here.
Suzuha: “You’re asking for trouble by trusting Makise Kurisu.”
Kurisu: “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Kurisu: “I’ve been meaning to ask. Did I do something to you?”
Suzuha: “Not to me. But I know everything you have done.”
Kurisu: “What do you mean? I’ve done nothing to be guilty of.”
Suzuha: “Perhaps. But I know your true nature.”
Kurisu: “Wow, you can see into my heart? That’s groundbreaking technology. I’d love to hear how it works.”
Suzuha: “It’s not science. It’s... a prediction.”
Kurisu: “So you’re just making it up.”
Suzuha: “I know.”
Mayuri: “Okarin.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri clings to me with teary eyes.
Mayuri: “Stop them from fighting.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Should I listen to Mayuri’s plea? Like I did in the dream?
UNSPOKEN: Knowing that I can’t stop the fight, should I just let Mayuri handle it instead?
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know. I can’t move a muscle.
Mayuri: “Geez...”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri pouts, then goes over to the two girls.
Mayuri: “Um, guys? Mayushii doesn’t like it when you fight. Let’s all get along, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru comes over to chat with Suzuha, and gradually peace returns to the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with her?”
UNSPOKEN: Does she know what’s about to happen?
UNSPOKEN: Nothing’s going to happen. The break-in was a dream.
UNSPOKEN: But no matter how hard I try to convince myself of that, I can’t shake the icy hand clutching my heart.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t breathe.
UNSPOKEN: Even though it’s hot and humid, my body shivers.
UNSPOKEN: I remember this feeling, too, from the dream.
UNSPOKEN: Did I choose wrong?
UNSPOKEN: Was I granted a second chance, only to let it go to waste?
UNSPOKEN: A soft feeling against my fingers.
UNSPOKEN: I look down to see Mayuri’s hand holding mine. When I look up, I see worry written in her face.
UNSPOKEN: I reflexively look towards the door.
UNSPOKEN: If the dream wasn’t a dream, then...
UNSPOKEN: Any second now...
UNSPOKEN: It happens exactly as I remember.
UNSPOKEN: Five men burst into the lab.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “At least tell us where we’re going.”
Moeka: “You cannot refuse.”
Moeka: “There is nowhere to run.”
Moeka: “We have men stationed throughout Akihabara.”
Moeka: “I don’t want to hurt anyone.”
Moeka: “The three of you come with us.”
Kurisu: “Why just the three of us?”
Moeka: “I’m not answering your questions.”
Moeka: “Come with us. It’s your only choice.”
Mayuri: “M-Moeka-san, you’re a lab mem too... aren’t you?”
UNSPOKEN: In reply...
UNSPOKEN: Moeka pulls a gun from her belt and points it at us.
UNSPOKEN: It’s happening again.
Moeka: “Our mission...”
Moeka: “Is to silence you.”
Moeka: “Your refusal to come will change nothing.”
Moeka: “Come with us. Now.”
Moeka: “If you continue to resist, I’ll have to resort to extreme measures.”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka slowly raises her gun.
UNSPOKEN: She points the muzzle at...
Mayuri: “...”
Moeka: “Shiina Mayuri is not needed.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Let me go!”
Kurisu: “You can’t! They’ll kill you!”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s gun is aimed at my head.
UNSPOKEN: Her finger is already on the trigger.
Rintaro: “You gonna kill me too!?”
Moeka: “If you resist.”
Kurisu: “Please, Okabe, do what she says. Okay?”
Kurisu: “Otherwise, they’ll kill you too.”
Rintaro: “Gh...!”
UNSPOKEN: I grit my teeth and suppress my anger.
UNSPOKEN: Just then, something small and round strikes Moeka’s gun hand.
Moeka: “...!?”
UNSPOKEN: She drops her gun.
UNSPOKEN: At her feet lies a small stone.
Suzuha: “Get down!”
Attacker B: “Gweh!!”
UNSPOKEN: The next events transpire exactly as I remember. Suzuha appears in the doorway, knocking down the first man before anyone can react.
UNSPOKEN: She then proceeds to dispatch the remaining men with a series of swift, precise maneuvers.
Attacker A: “Who the hell!?”
UNSPOKEN: The dark-skinned man, the last one standing, takes aim at Suzuha with his assault rifle.
UNSPOKEN: But before he can fire, Suzuha snatches a stunned attacker’s gun and shoots him.
Attacker A: “Gwah!!”
UNSPOKEN: Blood spurts from the man’s hand.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “I’m going back!”
Kurisu: “But what if it fails!?”
Rintaro: “Get the machine started!”
UNSPOKEN: There’s no time to argue. I grab Moad Snake from the shelf.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bites her lip and starts setting up the X68000.
Suzuha: “Okabe Rintaro! One of them’s headed your way!”
Moeka: “Kill them! Don’t let them use it!”
UNSPOKEN: Before the crew-cut man enters the development room, I push the switch.
UNSPOKEN: White smoke instantly fills the room, rendering it impossible to see.
Kurisu: “Are you sure, Okabe!?”
Kurisu: “Are you sure about this!? Really!?”
Rintaro: “Do it, Kurisu! Activate the machine!”
UNSPOKEN: I see blue-white light shining through the smoke.
UNSPOKEN: The discharge is starting!
UNSPOKEN: The light rapidly grows brighter.
UNSPOKEN: The floor begins to shake.
UNSPOKEN: The singularity is open!
UNSPOKEN: I crouch down, holding the headset steady with one hand.
UNSPOKEN: This is reality.
UNSPOKEN: It wasn’t a dream.
UNSPOKEN: I burn that fact into my mind as I prepare to time leap.
UNSPOKEN: One more chance...
UNSPOKEN: The shaking begins.
Rintaro: “Please! Give me one more chance!”
UNSPOKEN: Once more, the world explodes into light.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t hear. It feels like something is crushing my eardrums.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Kya! You surprised me!”
UNSPOKEN: I almost crashed into Kurisu.
Kurisu: “Don’t startle me like that.”
Rintaro: ”Daru! Is it just before 5 on the 13th!?”
Itaru: “Eh? Um... yeah?”
UNSPOKEN: Alright. Time leap successful.
UNSPOKEN: I pat Kurisu on the shoulders, almost in an embrace.
Rintaro: “You’re a genius.”
Kurisu: “W-what’s gotten in to you? Stop manhandling me. It’s gross.”
UNSPOKEN: I scramble for my phone.
Mayuri: “Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri! Where are--”
Mayuri: “But I can’t answer the phone right now.”
UNSPOKEN: ...It went to voice mail?
Mayuri: “Please leave your message after the beep♪”
Rintaro: “Mayuri! Contact me at once! Okay? At once!”
UNSPOKEN: I hang up.
UNSPOKEN: I look at my watch again. It’s just past 5.
UNSPOKEN: Thank god for the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: It makes me shiver to imagine what would have happened without it.
UNSPOKEN: I have three hours until Moeka kills Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: Everything’s going to be okay.
UNSPOKEN: That’s plenty of time to escape.
UNSPOKEN: First, I’ll meet up with Mayuri and leave Akiba.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Both of you get out of here. Now.”
Kurisu: “...What’s this about?”
UNSPOKEN: I check my wallet.
UNSPOKEN: I only have 9000 yen and some change.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll need to stop by an ATM and withdraw everything I have.
Kurisu: “Is this another one of your fantasies?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu shrugs her shoulders dumbfounded. I don’t have time to answer her.
UNSPOKEN: I slip beside her and dash out of the lab.
Kurisu: “Okabe! Where are you going? Hey!”
UNSPOKEN: I run full speed to Yanabayashi Shrine.
UNSPOKEN: Naturally, I have to stop for breath before I get more than a few blocks.
UNSPOKEN: The sun is setting, but the temperature still hasn’t dropped below 30.
UNSPOKEN: Sweat quickly covers my entire body.
UNSPOKEN: I’m not good at exercise in the first place.
UNSPOKEN: I finally stagger through the archway.
UNSPOKEN: Now I regret not borrowing Suzuha’s bicycle.
UNSPOKEN: But no, there wasn’t time for that. Finding Mayuri comes first.
UNSPOKEN: I run to the courtyard, where I find Lukako standing alone with her bamboo broom.
Rintaro: “Lukako!”
Luka: “...Ah, Okabe-san!”
UNSPOKEN: She bows her head.
Luka: “What’s wrong?”
Rintaro: “Mayuri! Where’s Mayuri!?”
Luka: “Um, Mayuri-chan already left.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Wha!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, who was dozing off next to me, wakes up with a jerk at the sound of my voice.
Kurisu: “Don’t shout...”
Kurisu: “I’ve been working all night, so let me rest a bit...”
Rintaro: “Where is Mayuri!?”
Itaru: “What’s wrong with you? She went to Luka-shi’s, remember?”
UNSPOKEN: Damn, she already left?
UNSPOKEN: I should call or send a mail.
UNSPOKEN: I need to get in touch with her somehow!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri went to see someone after leaving the shrine. The question is who.
UNSPOKEN: Think.
UNSPOKEN: Consider every possibility!
Mayuri: “Tutturu♪ Mayushii here.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri! Where are--”
Mayuri: “But I can’t answer the phone right now.”
UNSPOKEN: ...I got her voice mail?
Mayuri: “Please leave your message after the beep♪”
UNSPOKEN: ...It’s the same as last time.
UNSPOKEN: Damn! Why did I forget?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What’s all the commotion?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s eyes are half asleep.
Rintaro: “Daru. Assistant. Leave right now and get as far from Akiba as you can. But under no circumstances use the train.”
Itaru: “What? Why?”
Rintaro: “If you can, go somewhere you don’t normally go, and stay there overnight. Understand?”
Itaru: “Wait, overnight? So you’re saying we should go to a love hotel and make hanky panky. I understand.”
Kurisu: “Shut it, perv.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets up.
Kurisu: “What’s going on, Okabe?”
Rintaro: “Please, just do as I say. We’ll talk later. Don’t come back to the lab until I say so!”
UNSPOKEN: I thought of having them take the Time Leap Machine, but the microwave’s pretty heavy to carry around. And it’s that time machine that Moeka’s really after. Not Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: If it will guarantee everyone’s safety, I’d rather just abandon the time machine.
UNSPOKEN: I dash out of the lab, disregarding Kurisu’s and Daru’s demands for an explanation.
UNSPOKEN: I was right to borrow Suzuha’s bicycle.
UNSPOKEN: I arrive at the shrine far earlier than if I had run.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako are in front of the main building.
Rintaro: “Mayuri!”
Mayuri: “Okarin♪”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waves her hand happily. Lukako bows her head.
Mayuri: “Are you here to back me up?”
Rintaro: “Back you up?”
Mayuri: “To help convince Luka-chan to wear my costume!”
Luka: “Mayuri-chan, I really can’t. It’s too embarrassing...”
Mayuri: “Hey, Okarin. Can you think of some way to persuade Luka-chan?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “You don’t have to break it, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “We already decided not to experiment. Remember?”
Kurisu: “Anyway, put the chair down.”
UNSPOKEN: I lower the chair slowly.
UNSPOKEN: Not because Kurisu told me to, but because I realized what would happen if I really did break the machine.
UNSPOKEN: It caused -- or will cause -- Mayuri’s death, but at the same time, it is also my only chance of averting that future.
UNSPOKEN: If I lose it, I lose my only hope of saving her.
UNSPOKEN: The fear of that outcome stayed my hand.
Kurisu: “You look pale. What’s wrong?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Are you listening?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t deal with this. Not now.
Kurisu: “W-wait!”
UNSPOKEN: I flee from the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t have a particular destination in mind.
UNSPOKEN: People look at me strangely as I shuffle down the street. I imagine I must look like I crawled up from the grave.
UNSPOKEN: Soon, I get fed up with the crowd around the station and escape to the pedestrian overpass.
UNSPOKEN: I get about halfway across the bridge and squat down on the concrete.
UNSPOKEN: The giant screen on the UPX building is advertising some gothic punk band. The ticker at the bottom displays today’s weather forecast along with the date and time.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that today is Friday the 13th.
UNSPOKEN: Is there no way to get through today without Mayuri dying?
UNSPOKEN: It’s already 5:30. Two hours until the attack.
UNSPOKEN: The lights around Akihabara Station turn on one by one as the sun sets.
UNSPOKEN: The moe might be gone from Akiba, but the area around the station is still as posh as ever.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t belong here.
UNSPOKEN: The bridge I’m sitting on has become a date spot for couples. I see them standing here and there, gazing at the cityscape with their arms wound around each other.
UNSPOKEN: Somehow, they never seem to tire of the dull, unchanging scenery.
UNSPOKEN: What am I doing here?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...Christina.”
Kurisu: “What?”
Rintaro: “What time is it now?”
Kurisu: “5:38.”
Kurisu: “Hey. If you have time to sit around, then you can help me with the shopping.”
UNSPOKEN: Shopping...
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right.
UNSPOKEN: Preparations for the party.
UNSPOKEN: In the original timeline, I went shopping with Kurisu at the UPX supermarket.
UNSPOKEN: And then we talked on this bridge, just like now.
UNSPOKEN: It feels like so long ago.
UNSPOKEN: Back then, I had no idea what was about to happen.
Kurisu: “Well? Are you going to come along or not?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I sigh deeply.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t believe that it was wrong to time leap.
UNSPOKEN: However...
Rintaro: “Kurisu.”
UNSPOKEN: I keep my eyes lowered.
Kurisu: “...That’s the first time you’ve said my name properly.”
UNSPOKEN: I feel her eyes on me.
Rintaro: “...Help me.”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t save Mayuri alone.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that now.
UNSPOKEN: Reliving today again and again, only to taste the same despair each time, has taught me one important lesson.
UNSPOKEN: Alone, I am powerless.
UNSPOKEN: Alone, I have no hope.
Rintaro: “Help me...”
Kurisu: “Tell me what happened.”
Kurisu: “I know you used the Time Leap Machine.”
Rintaro: “...What?”
UNSPOKEN: I look up in surprise.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t meet my stare. Instead, she leans on the guard rail and gazes down at the plaza with her usual frown.
Kurisu: “You get a phone call, and suddenly you’re like a different person.”
Kurisu: “It was obvious.”
Rintaro: “I came from three hours in the future.”
Kurisu: “What happened?”
Rintaro: “They... killed Mayuri.”
UNSPOKEN: I lower my head, trying to hold back the tears.
UNSPOKEN: Then I explain about SERN and Moeka, and about how Kurisu herself activated the Time Leap Machine and made this possible.
UNSPOKEN: I tell her about my previous leaps. I explain that the world itself wants Mayuri dead, that I can’t save her no matter how I try.
UNSPOKEN: I keep talking for thirty minutes straight.
UNSPOKEN: During that time, Kurisu hardly says a word.
Rintaro: “...It’s all my fault.”
UNSPOKEN: Talking to Kurisu lets me sort out everything I’ve done. Everything I’ve seen.
Rintaro: “I shouldn’t have told Daru to hack SERN.”
Rintaro: “I shouldn’t have asked you to build a time machine.”
Rintaro: “I shouldn’t have made Moeka a lab mem.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri’s death... is all my fault.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s why I needed to bear the burden myself. 
UNSPOKEN: I was resolved to do whatever it took to save Mayuri, never faltering, never giving up.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, my resolve has already crumbled.
Kurisu: “If you know that Mayuri’s going to die, then what are you doing wasting time here?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s tone is haughty. Is this how I sound when I’m playing Hououin Kyouma?
Rintaro: “...I just don’t get it anymore.”
Kurisu: “What don’t you get?”
Rintaro: “How to save Mayuri.”
Kurisu: “Based on what you said, I guess the chronology protection conjecture is true.”
Rintaro: “No matter what I do, Mayuri dies.”
Kurisu: “And that’s why you keep time leaping...”
Kurisu: “There’s no guarantee that the machine is safe, you know.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu lowers her gaze and cups her chin, as she often does when assessing a problem.
Kurisu: “Even if the machine works perfectly, repeated use may have serious side effects.”
Kurisu: “For example, you may become disconnected from causality itself.”
Kurisu: “You need to understand the risks if you’re going to continue.”
Rintaro: “Disconnected from causality, meaning?”
Kurisu: “It happens all the time in sci-fi. You’ll become trapped in a closed time loop, never aging, never dying, but doomed to repeat the same day for all eternity.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “’Humans are temporal beings.’”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks surprised.
Kurisu: “Heidegger. I was thinking of that quote too.”
Rintaro: “I heard it from you first.”
Kurisu: “When?”
Rintaro: “This isn’t the first time I’ve leaped.”
Kurisu: “Right. Of course.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu squats next to me, thinking deeply.
Kurisu: “If what you said is true, then I want to save Mayuri too.”
Kurisu: “But as the co-creator of the Time Leap Machine, I can’t recommend its continued use.”
Kurisu: “Will you listen to my advice?”
Rintaro: “I...”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t do it alone.
UNSPOKEN: I know that now.
Rintaro: “I need your help.”
Rintaro: “I have to save Mayuri! I can’t do it alone, but together, we might have a chance. I want... I need to believe that!”
Rintaro: “Please, lend me your strength.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs.
Kurisu: “You’re such a stubborn fool.”
Kurisu: “What you’ve been through... I’m surprised it hasn’t broken you already.”
UNSPOKEN: Incredibly, she sounds concerned about me.
UNSPOKEN: She looks at me for a moment, then turns away as if embarrassed.
Kurisu: “I’ll help.”
Kurisu: “Mayuri’s my friend, and a fellow lab mem.”
Kurisu: “And besides... I don’t want to see you in such pain.”
Rintaro: “I’m sorry.”
Kurisu: “Don’t apologize.”
Kurisu: “Remember when I told you about my father? You really helped me out back then.”
Kurisu: “Now it’s my turn to return the favor.”
Kurisu: “I want to be your strength.”
Kurisu: “Besides, you still have to come with me to Aomori.”
UNSPOKEN: She smiles a wry but gentle smile, as if I were her mischievous younger brother.
Kurisu: “I know you’re going to leap no matter what I say. You are a mad scientist, after all, and mad scientists play by their own rules.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Hey. Aren’t you supposed to go ’muhahahaha’ or something?”
Rintaro: “Yeah...”
Kurisu: “Why do I even try?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is right. I’ll do anything to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: “Anyway, I’m not doing this for you, okay?”
Kurisu: “I’m doing it for Mayuri.”
Rintaro: “Yeah, of course.”
Kurisu: “That, and I think you’ll make a good test subject.”
Rintaro: “Now you’re talking like SERN.”
Kurisu: “It’s completely different.”
Rintaro: “How so?”
Kurisu: “I only experiment on you.”
Kurisu: “Besides, mad scientists experiment on themselves all the time, don’t they?”
Rintaro: “I guess...”
UNSPOKEN: I’m no longer afraid to time leap.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll do anything to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: “I-it’s just a joke. Don’t take it so seriously.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stands up and looks at her watch.
Kurisu: “There’s not much time. I think you should have a clear plan before trying to change the future again.”
Rintaro: “Meaning?”
Kurisu: “Leap to an even earlier time.”
Kurisu: “Then explain the situation to me again.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s right. My actions so far have been almost entirely random, and look where that’s gotten me.
UNSPOKEN: I need a real plan if I’m going to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: “Let’s go.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stretches out her hand.
UNSPOKEN: I grasp it and pull myself up.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru are already back when we return to the lab. Suzuha is there too. To get rid of them, Kurisu and I explain that we forgot to do the shopping, so could they please take care of it for us?
UNSPOKEN: I have to cough up the money to convince them to go, but it works.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “They’ll throw you in the slammer for breaking and entering.”
Rintaro: “In a few seconds, it won’t have happened.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands me the headgear and I put it on.
Kurisu: “I see. That’s how it looks from your perspective.”
Kurisu: “What does it look like from my perspective? What happens here after you leap?”
Rintaro: “...You’ll know soon enough.”
UNSPOKEN: My consciousness travels to the past. That, I know from experience.
UNSPOKEN: But what about the body I leave behind?
UNSPOKEN: If time is a straight line, then it’s likely that the present will be reconstructed based on my actions in the past.
UNSPOKEN: But if the many-worlds interpretation holds, then after I leave, this world will continue on as if nothing happened.
UNSPOKEN: I used to be so fascinated by the structure of the universe, but now I don’t really care.
UNSPOKEN: All that matters is saving Mayuri.
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s fingers stop typing on the keyboard.
Rintaro: “What’s wrong?”
Kurisu: “It’s nothing. I was just thinking.”
Rintaro: “Maybe it works like a D-Mail.”
UNSPOKEN: The instant we send a D-Mail, the present changes around us.
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to Reading Steiner, only I remember what it was like before the change.
Kurisu: “That would make things easier, though I kind of hope you’re wrong.”
Rintaro: “Because you can’t collect data if you can’t record the change?”
Kurisu: “Exactly.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods and begins tinkering with the settings again.
Kurisu: “I set the destination to five hours ago. You should arrive around 1:40 PM.”
Kurisu: “I completed the Time Leap Machine just after 2. Do you remember?”
UNSPOKEN: Barely.
UNSPOKEN: For Kurisu, that happened only five hours ago. For me, it feels like weeks. 
UNSPOKEN: Maybe it has been weeks.
Kurisu: “Nobody likes a man who can’t remember dates.”
Kurisu: “Be thankful that I make a habit of checking the time. I have a pretty good idea what happened when.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu finishes typing and turns to face me.
Kurisu: “Listen, Okabe. If you’re going to keep using the Time Leap Machine, there’s one thing you must remember.”
Kurisu: “Don’t let go of your phone. Ever. It’s your lifeline. Your destination marker.”
Kurisu: “As long as you keep it with you, you can leap to any time you want.”
Kurisu: “But if you lose your phone... if someone else gets ahold of it...”
UNSPOKEN: Then if I leap to that time, my memories could overwrite theirs. I don’t want to imagine what might happen next.
Kurisu: “If it breaks, or the battery dies...”
UNSPOKEN: Then I won’t be able to leap to that time.
UNSPOKEN: If it breaks, then I can get a new phone with the same number, but there will still be a period of time to which I can never leap.
Kurisu: “The time leap will fail.”
Kurisu: “Once again, never let go of your phone.”
Rintaro: “Got it.”
Kurisu: “After you leap back to this afternoon, just sit tight and don’t do anything until I complete the Time Leap Machine.”
Kurisu: “If you accidentally prevent me from completing the machine, it will likely wreak havoc with the timeline.”
Kurisu: “As soon as I finish, declare that we will not experiment. Then send everyone home.”
Kurisu: “Ask me to stay. Tell me the truth. If you say you came from the future, I’ll probably believe you.”
Rintaro: “How do you know?”
Kurisu: “Who knows me better than myself?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grins faintly and stands up after she’s done typing.
Kurisu: “Don’t forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine.”
Kurisu: “When you told me about your time leap, I took it as proof that my theories were right. I was happy it succeeded. I really was. I didn’t doubt it was true for a second.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...What?”
Kurisu: “It doesn’t mean anything, okay!?”
Rintaro: “You want your own fork?”
Kurisu: “I already have my own spoon... wait, that doesn’t matter!”
Kurisu: “Everything’s ready! Now get out of here!”
UNSPOKEN: I nod and call up the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: “Be careful. And remember...”
Kurisu: “I’m always on your side.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu touches my shoulder, then steps away.
UNSPOKEN: I lie back on the sofa with my phone in my hand.
UNSPOKEN: Needles in my brain.
UNSPOKEN: A whining in my ears.
UNSPOKEN: These sensations never get any easier to endure.
UNSPOKEN: I look at the clock. It’s about 1:45. There’s a high-school baseball game on TV.
UNSPOKEN: In about fifteen minutes, Kurisu will finish the Time Leap Machine. All it needs are some final adjustments, so there’s nothing for me to do but wait.
UNSPOKEN: As the pain in my brain subsides, I realize that my head is throbbing.
UNSPOKEN: Why?
UNSPOKEN: Oh, I remember. Right before this, I had an argument with Mister Braun in which he introduced his fist to my skull.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is at her sewing machine, working on her costume.
UNSPOKEN: Daru is at his computer, collecting moe artwork from the internet.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is in the development room, upgrading the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: I sit, motionless, as the minutes tick by.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, the sound of the sewing machine stops.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “We’re not experimenting.”
Kurisu: “Eh!?”
UNSPOKEN: Crap, was that too soon?
Kurisu: “I just finished and you’re already shutting it down? What I have been doing these past three days?”
Rintaro: “Time leaping presents a host of problems. I want to consider them all carefully.”
Kurisu: “H-huh. That’s... an unusually respectable opinion, coming from you.”
Mayuri: “Problems? I thought it was done?”
Rintaro: “I’ll explain later. Everyone’s tired, so let’s go home.”
Itaru: “We’re not going to have a party to celebrate?”
Rintaro: “We’ll do that another day.”
UNSPOKEN: I manage to convince Daru and Mayuri to leave.
UNSPOKEN: I lend Mayuri my phone charger, since we use the same brand of phone.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu tries to go home too, but I quietly keep her back.
Kurisu: “What?”
Rintaro: “Are you upset?”
Kurisu: “...Yeah.”
UNSPOKEN: Probably because I shot her down right after she finished the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: She’ll feel relieved later, but only after she has time to fully consider its implications.
Rintaro: “I came from five hours in the future.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu spears me with a piercing glare.
Kurisu: “Is that supposed to be funny?”
UNSPOKEN: Her narrowed eyes make me believe that looks can kill.
Rintaro: “D-don’t glare like that! This isn’t right! You’re supposed to believe me!”
Kurisu: “What made you think I’d believe something like that!?”
Rintaro: “You told me so! Five hours from now, okay!?”
Kurisu: “Don’t be ridiculous. I would never make such a baseless projection.”
UNSPOKEN: I’d like to have a word with future Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: If this is how you’re going to be, then you leave me no choice but to quote you word for word.
Rintaro: “When I told you about my time leap, you said, ’I took it as proof that my theories were right. I didn’t doubt it was true for a second.’”
Rintaro: “’Don’t forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine.’”
Kurisu: “I don’t talk like that!”
Rintaro: “What you want most right now is your own fork!”
Kurisu: “Wha--”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s face suddenly turns red.
Rintaro: “You already have your own spoon, apparently.”
Kurisu: “S-she said that? I’m gonna kill myself five hours from now...”
UNSPOKEN: She appears genuinely shocked, for some reason, but I’m pretty sure she believes me now.
Kurisu: “It feels like someone peeked into my heart. And that someone is Okabe, of all people.”
UNSPOKEN: What does she think I’m going to do?
Kurisu: “But I think I believe you. Tell me the details.”
UNSPOKEN: I explain everything to Kurisu again.
UNSPOKEN: I’m able to organize my thoughts better since this is my second time.
Kurisu: “I see... If what you say is true, then we have a serious problem.”
UNSPOKEN: There are five hours until Mayuri’s death. We need to come up with a plan before then.
Kurisu: “Future me said that the chronology protection conjecture holds, but I don’t think that’s quite right.”
Kurisu: “That conjecture says that according to quantum theory, time travel is impossible due to the danger of disrupting causality.”
Kurisu: “But when you time leap, there’s no chance of a time paradox occurring.”
UNSPOKEN: Two of me don’t exist at the same time, and I can’t bring anything with me to the past.
UNSPOKEN: All that changes are the memories stored in my temporal lobe.
UNSPOKEN: So at the very least, time leaping can’t cause a Grandfather Paradox.
Rintaro: “So I was right.”
Rintaro: “The universe itself is censoring me, correcting any changes I try to make.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Neither can I. The world is trying to kill Mayuri? As a scientist, I refuse to believe such nonsense.”
Rintaro: “What about the many-worlds interpretation? I just need to observe the world where Mayuri doesn’t die.”
Kurisu: “The many-worlds interpretation... That might have something to do with how Mayuri’s means of death keeps changing.”
Kurisu: “But it’s supposed to be impossible for parallel worlds to observe each other. Why are you different?”
Rintaro: “Because of my esper power, Reading Steiner.”
Kurisu: “This is no time for your chuunibyou nonsense.”
Rintaro: “...There’s no other explanation.”
Kurisu: “You’ve mentioned that Reading Steiner thing before. Were you actually serious?”
Rintaro: “Why would I make up something like that?”
UNSPOKEN: Our D-Mail experiments proved that I can somehow perceive changes in the timeline when they occur. It’s an ability only I seem to possess.
Kurisu: “I don’t know, but I don’t want to rely on something that may not even exist.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, you can’t control which possibilities you observe. Even if the many-worlds interpretation holds true, it’s unreasonable to expect that you’ll ever find a world where Mayuri doesn’t die.”
Rintaro: “Wait. We’re not getting anywhere. Instead of analyzing what I’ve done, let’s think about what we can do.”
Kurisu: “Time leaping won’t change the result. I just said that.”
Rintaro: “Then what do we do!?”
Kurisu: “Calm down.”
Rintaro: “How can I calm down!? Do you know how many times I’ve seen Mayuri die!?”
Rintaro: “Covered in blood! Gasping for breath! The light fading from her eyes! Again... and again... and again...”
Rintaro: “And all I could do... was watch!”
UNSPOKEN: I hear my teeth grinding in my skull. Recalling that despair, that feeling of utter powerlessness, makes me want to lash out at everything within reach.
Kurisu: “Getting emotional won’t solve anything.”
Rintaro: “You’re only calm because you weren’t there!”
Kurisu: “...True. I don’t know what happens five hours from now. To be honest, it doesn’t feel real at all.”
Kurisu: “But it’s not like I don’t believe you.”
Kurisu: “You have to stay strong, Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pats my arm. Her hand is warm and her touch is gentle.
UNSPOKEN: How... American of her.
Rintaro: “...Sorry.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. Getting emotional won’t solve anything.
UNSPOKEN: I need to calm down. Calm down...
Rintaro: “What I don’t understand is how the cause can change but the effect can stay the same.”
Rintaro: “It’s like causality itself is broken.”
Kurisu: “Maybe Kiryu Moeka shooting her isn’t the real cause of her death. Maybe it’s something larger and less obvious.”
Kurisu: “For example, maybe she dies because we invented a time machine, or because SERN discovered our hacking.”
Kurisu: “If that’s the cause, then it doesn’t really matter how she dies. Causality remains intact.”
Rintaro: “Can that theory explain why Nae pushed her in front of a train?”
Kurisu: “Oh, right... hmm...”
Kurisu: “Anyway, the principle of causality is absolute. Deny that, and you deny all of physics.”
Kurisu: “There must be a distinct cause for Mayuri’s death.”
Rintaro: “So if we figure out what it is, then maybe we can save her.”
Kurisu: “Not necessarily.”
Rintaro: “What do you mean?”
Kurisu: “The problem is when the causal event occurred.”
Kurisu: “If it happened too far in the past... then there’s nothing we can do.”
Rintaro: “But I can travel to any time I had a cell phone, can’t I!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Before what? I just finished the Time Leap Machine, remember?”
UNSPOKEN: That’s true...
Rintaro: “Future you didn’t say anything about it either.”
Kurisu: “Oh, so that’s what you mean. Maybe she just didn’t have the chance.”
Rintaro: “So how come I can only leap 48 hours?”
Kurisu: “I don’t know. Even I don’t understand everything that’s going on inside that thing.”
Kurisu: “But you can do consecutive leaps. That is, as long as the Time Leap Machine exists. For example, if the Time Leap Machine remains functional for ten straight years, you could leap back to this moment ten years from now.”
Kurisu: “Of course, it would take a total of 1825 leaps, so I don’t recommend it. Still, it’s theoretically possible.”
Rintaro: “Then what’s the problem?”
Kurisu: “Weren’t you listening? I said, as long as the Time Leap Machine exists.”
Kurisu: “When was the machine completed?”
Rintaro: “...Ah.”
Kurisu: “Exactly. An hour ago. August 13th, 2010. 2:00 PM, or thereabouts.”
Kurisu: “It didn’t exist before then.”
Kurisu: “It’s impossible to use the machine before 2 PM today.”
Rintaro: “So what you’re saying is...”
UNSPOKEN: Count 48 hours back.
Rintaro: “I can’t go back farther than 2 PM on the 11th!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods, her expression grave.
Kurisu: “Most likely.”
Rintaro: “Can’t you improve it!?”
Kurisu: “Eventually, maybe, but certainly not now.”
Kurisu: “I’d need a real laboratory with real equipment. It would be expensive, which means we’d need sponsors.”
Kurisu: “And if we go looking, I’m pretty sure SERN would crush us.”
Kurisu: “I’d say that’s proven by the fact that neither you nor I have leapt here from the far future yet.”
UNSPOKEN: So basically...
Rintaro: “We can’t do anything!?”
Rintaro: “Even with the Time Leap Machine, we can’t stop SERN from killing Mayuri five hours from now!?”
UNSPOKEN: At that moment, I hear a sound from outside the window.
UNSPOKEN: What?
UNSPOKEN: Is it Moeka!?
UNSPOKEN: Did she overhear us!?
UNSPOKEN: I dash to the window and look down at the street.
UNSPOKEN: It’s Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: Her bicycle has fallen over, and she’s scurrying to pick it up.
UNSPOKEN: Our eyes meet.
Rintaro: “...Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Why does she look so pale?
UNSPOKEN: Her lips move slightly.
UNSPOKEN: It looks like she’s whispering something, but I can’t make it out from here.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Suzuha! I need to talk to you!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “W-what do we do?”
Rintaro: “Make absolutely sure Mayuri doesn’t find out.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods slightly.
Itaru: “What are you guys whispering about?”
Kurisu: “Um...”
Rintaro: “How many times do I have to say it? No party!”
Mayuri: “Come on, Okarin. That’s no fun!”
Rintaro: “It’s not about fun.”
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: She’s still looks depressed.
Mayuri: “Suzu-san? Are you feeling okay?”
Rintaro: “Suzuha, Christina, and I have important matters to discuss. That’s why I asked you to leave for the day.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii wants to hear too!”
Itaru: “Um, I think he’s serious.”
Mayuri: “But Suzu-san looks sad... Mayushii’s worried...”
Suzuha: “...Sorry.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha hangs her head and bites her lip.
UNSPOKEN: I know she feels responsible for Mayuri’s death.
UNSPOKEN: But how is she related? That’s what I’m here to find out.
Suzuha: “I want Shiina Mayuri and Hashida Itaru to stay. This concerns them too.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “A society where every activity is controlled by the government. In a dystopia, you’re not allowed to eat bananas unless today is banana-eating day. If you break that rule, they throw you in jail without a trial.”
Mayuri: “That’s terrible! Mayushii loves bananas...”
UNSPOKEN: Forget about the bananas.
Suzuha: “I’m part of the Resistance fighting to free humanity from SERN’s control.”
Suzuha: “I came to the past to change my present.”
Suzuha: “From your point of view, I guess I should say the future. To change the future.”
UNSPOKEN: Change the future...
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t sound like she’s joking.
Mayuri: “Um, what about finding your father? Was that a lie?”
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha doesn’t answer.
UNSPOKEN: Does that mean it was a lie?
Kurisu: “SERN is a research institution. They don’t have political power. I explained that to John Titor several times online.”
UNSPOKEN: ...Online?
Rintaro: “...Wait, don’t tell me. You’re ’KuriGohan and Kamehameha’!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns red and looks away.
Kurisu: “Titor came forward, so it’s only fair that I do too.”
Rintaro: “In that case, I’ll come clean too. I was posting under my true name, Hououin Kyou--”
Kurisu & Suzuha: ”I know.”
Mayuri: “Ah, you harmonized♪”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha frowns. She must not like having anything in common with Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: She clears her throat and continues.
Suzuha: “SERN is still a research institution in 2036.”
Suzuha: “The world is actually ruled by SERN’s secret backers, the Committee of 300.”
Rintaro: “The Committee of 300... They’re real?”
UNSPOKEN: That name was in SERN’s top secret documents.
Suzuha: “When SERN successfully completed their time machine, they became the sole entity with power over the fourth dimension, Time.”
Suzuha: “In just two years, they remade the world to serve their purpose.”
UNSPOKEN: Just two years... but that’s only in objective time. I bet SERN’s time travelers spent many decades leaping back and forth across history, building the foundation of SERN’s rule.
Suzuha: “That brings us to you, Makise Kurisu.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha glares at Kurisu.
Suzuha: “In 2036, you’re apotheosized as the mother of the time machine.”
Kurisu: “Apotheosized?”
Itaru: “In Japanese, please.”
Suzuha: “Apotheosized. As in revered, respected.”
UNSPOKEN: She keeps using unusual vocabulary. Or maybe that’s normal vocabulary in 2036?
Kurisu: “Respected? Huh!? I-I am!?”
Suzuha: “In 2010, you pioneer time leap technology. Afterwards, you contribute to the development of SERN’s time machine. That’s what I know about Makise Kurisu.”
UNSPOKEN: Is that why she treats Kurisu like an enemy?
Rintaro: “Then I must be the father of the time machine, right?”
Suzuha: “Okabe Rintaro is a terrorist in 2036. You’re pretty infamous.”
Rintaro: “Wha...”
UNSPOKEN: Seriously?
UNSPOKEN: I’m a terrorist in the future!?
Kurisu: “I help SERN build their time machine? I don’t believe it.”
Kurisu: “SERN experiments on people against their will. They’re a disgrace to scientists everywhere. I would never collaborate with them.”
Suzuha: “But that’s how it is in the future.”
Kurisu: “How did the future me explain herself?”
Suzuha: “We’ve never met. By 2036, you’re already dead... sorry.”
Kurisu: “Well... that’s just great.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Rounders.”
Itaru: “What’s that?”
Rintaro: “SERN’s private army. Or something like that.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha nods.
Suzuha: “On paper, they’re an independent technology research firm. In reality, they do the dirty work for SERN all over the world.”
UNSPOKEN: According to Moeka, they have two chief duties.
UNSPOKEN: First, to acquire IBN 5100s, the only computers that can access SERN’s secret database.
UNSPOKEN: Second, to find promising scientists in the field of time travel and force them to cooperate with SERN, or eliminate them if they will not.
Suzuha: “So they already exist. I thought they might. In my time, they’re our number one enemy.”
Itaru: “D-dirty work? Does that mean like... kidnappings and assassinations?”
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks to me with a question in her eyes.
UNSPOKEN: I shake my head.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Attractor Fields...”
Suzuha: “Right. I told you by mail, didn’t I?”
Kurisu: “What sort of model is that?”
Suzuha: “The universe is made up of worldlines and attractor fields.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha walks over to Mayuri’s sewing table and picks up a ball of red yarn.
UNSPOKEN: She holds one end of the yarn and drops the ball to the floor, then holds about a meter of yarn in front of her face.
Suzuha: “The universe is like this piece of yarn.”
Suzuha: “Countless possible worldlines exist side by side, branching out to infinity.”
Suzuha: “From a distance, it looks like a single string, but when you look closer, the string is actually made up of individual threads woven together.”
Suzuha: “At the end, those threads converge on a single point. The paths are different, but the destination is the same.”
Kurisu: “Isn’t that determinism?”
Suzuha: “Close. This model is a little looser.”
Suzuha: “You could say it cherry-picks from the many-worlds interpretation and the Copenhagen interpretation.”
Rintaro: “If the branches all lead to the same place, does that mean there’s only one world in the end?”
Suzuha: “Exactly.”
Suzuha: “The bundle of worldlines that share a point of convergence is called an attractor field.”
Suzuha: “There are also many attractor fields.”
Suzuha: “This string is Attractor Field Alpha. The threads are Alpha worldlines.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha then cuts meter lengths of blue, yellow, and white yarn.
Suzuha: “Blue is Beta, yellow is Gamma, and white is Delta.”
Suzuha: “Each is made up of countless Beta worldlines, Gamma worldlines, or Delta worldlines.”
UNSPOKEN: She twists the different colored strings together, then stretches them out as one fat, multicolored string.
Suzuha: “Attractor fields are superpositioned like this.”
Suzuha: “In each attractor field, the worldlines converge on a different result.”
Suzuha: “They don’t interact. Each attractor field is independent of the others.”
Suzuha: “Of course, they all diverged from a common point somewhere in the past, and they will all converge again at some point in the future, but that takes many hundreds of years.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “No, he’s right. It is like an eroge. Each heroine’s route is an attractor field, and the small choices within are the individual worldlines.”
Rintaro: “But at the end, they all enter the true route for the grand ending.”
Itaru: “The only difference is the length of the common parts. By the way, I’d choose the little sister’s attractor field.”
Rintaro: “Whatever.”
Kurisu: “You guys are hopeless. Better do something quick.”
Suzuha: “Umm, I don’t know what you guys are talking about...”
Kurisu: “Just ignore them.”
UNSPOKEN: Let me get this straight.
UNSPOKEN: The reason I can’t save Mayuri... is that her death is the event upon which this attractor field converges?
UNSPOKEN: But that means...
UNSPOKEN: That means the world really is killing Mayuri.
Itaru: “But then, isn’t it impossible to change the future? It always converges in the end, right? No matter what you do, the result is the same.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s right. That’s why Mayuri dies no matter how many times I leap.
Suzuha: “We have to escape Attractor Field Alpha.”
Rintaro: “Escape?”
Suzuha: “In other words, we’re going to jump to a worldline in Attractor Field Beta.”
Kurisu: “I thought attractor fields couldn’t interact.”
Suzuha: “Attractor fields are normally separate, but if we go to the instant they diverge...”
Kurisu: “The instant they diverge... is that now?”
Suzuha: “I was taught that a major divergence occurs in 2010.”
Suzuha: “This year, an earth-shattering event causes divergence at the attractor field level. The last time such a divergence occurred was in the year 2000, and before that, in 1991.”
Mayuri: “Umm, what happened those years?”
Suzuha: “Events that changed the face of the world.”
Mayuri: “Huh?”
Rintaro: “1991 was the collapse of the Soviet Union, right? But what happened in 2000? 2001 had the 9/11 attacks...”
Suzuha: “The Year 2000 Problem.”
Itaru: “Y2K? But that was just hype. Nothing happened.”
Suzuha: “That’s because the Alpha worldline we’re on represents a world where Y2K didn’t occur.”
UNSPOKEN: So in other words, there are worlds where it did occur?
Suzuha: “And that brings us to 2010.”
Mayuri: “Did something big happen this year?”
Suzuha: “What else could it be...”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha looks towards the development room.
Suzuha: “But the creation of humanity’s first time machine?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Reading Steiner!?”
Suzuha: “Is that what you call it? Okabe Rintaro, you have the power to observe changes across worldlines. Correct?”
Rintaro: “Yeah.”
Suzuha: “That’s the key.”
Suzuha: “Your power is the key to freeing the world from SERN’s rule.”
Suzuha: “You have the power of a god.”
Rintaro: “My power...”
Suzuha: “If you escape Attractor Field Alpha and reach a Beta worldline... then the result will change.”
UNSPOKEN: I feel a shiver of excitement.
Rintaro: “So there’s hope?”
UNSPOKEN: I can save Mayuri?
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha nods firmly.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “SERN already knows about us.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Which email are you talking about?”
Mayuri: “Um, I know! Wasn’t it the email Okarin sent that said Chris-chan died?”
UNSPOKEN: Right. The email I sent to Daru right after Doctor Nakabachi’s conference.
Kurisu: “Oh, that...”
UNSPOKEN: Back then, we hadn’t yet realized that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) was a time machine.
Suzuha: “SERN probably intercepted that email and realized what it meant.”
Rintaro: “They were already on to us back then?”
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, the first time I met Moeka was the day after I sent that email.
Itaru: “We really jumped in the deep end, huh...”
Mayuri: “Mayushii’s good at the breaststroke!”
Itaru: “Alright, then do a sexy underwater pose.”
Rintaro: “But how did they intercept our email? Hundreds of millions of emails are sent around the world each day.”
Suzuha: “SERN uses the Echelon network to collect communications pertaining to time travel research worldwide.”
Rintaro: “Echelon!? It really exists!?”
UNSPOKEN: As an expert on conspiracies, I understand the implications, and they terrify me. No one else seems to get what Suzuha’s saying, though.
Suzuha: “Echelon sees everything. Any transmission that even hints at time travel is filtered and sent to SERN.”
UNSPOKEN: For example, an email that appeared to have come from the future.
Suzuha: “We need to find the record of that email in SERN’s database and delete it.”
Suzuha: “If you do that, then SERN will never know you exist. Their time machine won’t be completed in 2034. If we’re lucky, the program may be shut down entirely.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Can you fix it?”
Suzuha: “No. I just ride it. My dad’s the one who built it.”
Suzuha: “I’ve memorized the manual, so I know how it works, but...”
UNSPOKEN: That doesn’t mean she knows how to repair it, and there’s no guarantee that a time machine from 2036 can be repaired with today’s technology.
Kurisu: “Maybe we can use the Time Leap Machine to go back before Amane-san’s time machine broke.”
Itaru: “Wait, you’re going to use the Time Leap Machine? Wasn’t the plan not to experiment?”
UNSPOKEN: I still haven’t told Daru about my time leaping. There’s no time to explain.
Rintaro: “We’ll use it if the situation demands. Do you know when it broke, Suzuha?”
Suzuha: “No... but it was probably the rain a few days ago. It’s supposed to be airtight, but the inside was all wet when I checked it today.”
Itaru: “Maybe it made a hole when you crashed into Radi-Kan?”
Suzuha: “That wasn’t a crash. The coordinates were slightly off, so it just appeared there.”
Suzuha: “It’s not exactly the most stable machine.”
Rintaro: “Anyone remember when it rained?”
Kurisu: “The morning of the 10th. Just before dawn.”
UNSPOKEN: The Time Leap Machine can only cover 48 hours in a single leap.
UNSPOKEN: And the Time Leap Machine was completed today, the 13th, at 2 PM.
UNSPOKEN: That means we can’t go farther back than 2 PM on the 11th.
Rintaro: “Damn! We can’t get there with the Time Leap Machine!”
UNSPOKEN: I thought we had a glimmer of hope...
Itaru: “I think we should try to fix it.”
Mayuri: “Yeah! It’s a time machine, so we have plenty of time, right?”
Suzuha: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, Suzuha, and I say nothing.
UNSPOKEN: We know.
UNSPOKEN: In less than two hours, Mayuri will die.
UNSPOKEN: It’s already 5:30.
UNSPOKEN: There’s barely enough time to sneak into Radi-Kan, let alone fix Suzuha’s time machine.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should leap now to 2 PM on the 11th. Then we’ll have two full days to fix the machine.
Rintaro: “You’re all hungry, aren’t you? You should be.”
Itaru: “What’s this all of a sudden?”
Mayuri: “Mayushii’s hungry!”
UNSPOKEN: As expected from a glutton.
UNSPOKEN: I take a 10,000 yen bill out of my wallet.
Rintaro: “Mayuri, Daru. I leave the shopping to you. We can come up with a plan while we eat.”
Mayuri: “Wow, Okarin! What are we going to do with all this money?”
Rintaro: “Buy food. Lots of food. Use it all!”
Itaru: “You just calmly hand over a 10,000 yen bill... wow, Okarin, you make it look easy! That’s why we love you! That’s why we admire you!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Just give up. Okabe rarely calls anyone by their name.”
Suzuha: “Oh yeah. He always calls me ’Part-Time Warrior’ for some reason.”
Rintaro: “Listen, you two. I’m going to leap to 2 PM on the 11th.”
Rintaro: “After Titor explains herself again, we’ll start repairs on the time machine. Our goal is to have it working by this time today.”
Kurisu: “Is that the best plan?”
Rintaro: “It’s better than trying to fix it when we only have two hours left. If it doesn’t work, I’ll just keep repeating the same two days.”
Suzuha: “...I’m sorry.”
Rintaro: “Titor. We’re counting on you to get us an IBN 5100.”
Rintaro: “Never forget. I’m not doing this for you, and I’m not doing it for the future. My mission is to save Mayuri.”
Rintaro: “Call me self-righteous if you want. However...”
Rintaro: “I’m doing this my way.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Suzuha give an encouraging nod in agreement.
Rintaro: “Good. Then let’s begin.”
Kurisu: “You’re not going to name the operation?”
UNSPOKEN: Who cares about that?
UNSPOKEN: This isn’t a game. Mayuri’s life hangs in the balance.
Kurisu: “You couldn’t find a good Norse mythology-themed name?”
Suzuha: “Why Norse mythology?”
Kurisu: “I don’t think there’s a deep meaning behind it. Chuunibyou patients just love Germanic names for some reason.”
Suzuha: “Now that you mention it, most of our operation names in the Resistance have Germanic names too. Whenever I ask, they say it’s tradition.”
Kurisu: “So there’s still chuunibyou in 2036...”
Rintaro: “Cut the chatter!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s life hangs in the balance.
UNSPOKEN: There’s no time for this nonsense!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sets up the Time Leap Machine while Suzuha goes to turn on the 42-inch CRT.
UNSPOKEN: Well before Mayuri returns, I leap.
UNSPOKEN: When I come to, I’m standing with my phone in hand.
UNSPOKEN: While I wait for the ringing in my ears to subside, I check the date and time on my phone screen.
UNSPOKEN: August 11th, 2:21 PM.
UNSPOKEN: Alright. Now I have two more days.
UNSPOKEN: As a matter of fact, I leapt twice. First to 2 PM on the 13th, when the machine was completed. From there, I leapt an additional 48 hours to 2 PM on the 11th.
UNSPOKEN: It was my first consecutive leap, but it seems to have gone well.
UNSPOKEN: I immediately head downstairs to see Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: I’m relieved to see that her hand isn’t burned.
UNSPOKEN: When I explain the situation, Suzuha races to Radi-Kan to confirm my story. 
UNSPOKEN: After she realizes that I’m telling the truth, I take her back to the lab and have her repeat the explanation she gave us before I time leaped.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “So you have no leads?”
Suzuha: “Leads... oh, there is one thing.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha claps her hands together and starts patting her pockets. A few seconds later, she reaches into one and pulls out...
Mayuri: “A pin?”
UNSPOKEN: I’ve seen Suzuha fiddling with it before.
UNSPOKEN: It’s just a regular pin, the kind you stick on your hat or bag.
Mayuri: “There’s something written on it.”
UNSPOKEN: It reads “OSHM***A 7010”.
Suzuha: “This belonged to my dad.”
Kurisu: “A memento...”
Rintaro: “Google it, Daru!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru runs a search, but gets only incomprehensible foreign sites.
Suzuha: “He was here in Akihabara, so I think we can exclude the foreign sites.”
Itaru: “Okay, got it.”
UNSPOKEN: He narrows the search down to Japanese sites.
UNSPOKEN: But even then, none of the results look relevant.
Itaru: “Nothing!”
Mayuri: “But this has to be some kind of hint!”
UNSPOKEN: With Suzuha’s permission, I take a picture of the pin.
Mayuri: “Okay, all in favor of helping Suzu-san find her dad?”
UNSPOKEN: I want to argue that there’s no time for that, but Mayuri’s right when she says that the time machine won’t be ready for a while. I guess there’s no harm in letting her have her way.
UNSPOKEN: After all, there’s no point in running, not even with two days’ head start. Even if I dragged Mayuri to the ends of the Earth, we wouldn’t be able to escape her death. I know that now.
Rintaro: “...No objections.”
Mayuri: “Thanks, Okarin♪ Ehehe!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru raises his hand in agreement.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Welcome back.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu emerges from the development room to greet us. She’s alone.
Kurisu: “From the looks on your faces, I guess you didn’t find anything.”
Rintaro: “Where’s Daru?”
Kurisu: “He hasn’t come back yet. It’s already dark, so maybe he went straight home?”
UNSPOKEN: It’s too dark to work at Radi-Kan now.
UNSPOKEN: We can’t use lights, because that would be too conspicuous to the people below. 
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri isn’t around. Is she making any progress in the search for Suzuha’s father?
Suzuha: “I feel bad. There’s no time for this...”
Rintaro: “It’s not for you. We’re doing it to save Mayuri.”
Suzuha: “...Yeah.”
UNSPOKEN: I start up Daru’s computer and search the net for communities of people who collect unique pins.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll investigate tomorrow based on the information I find.
UNSPOKEN: There’s a pin collecting group on a site called FrePara, where everyone shows off their collections. I post there, asking for information.
UNSPOKEN: I’m sleeping on the couch when a loud alarm rings in my ears.
Rintaro: “Is it SERN!?”
UNSPOKEN: I jump up and see Kurisu and Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is holding her phone. That’s the source of the sound.
Kurisu: “Good morning.”
UNSPOKEN: Her sour expression says it’s not good at all.
UNSPOKEN: I wish she’d put herself in my shoes and see what it’s like to be woken up suddenly like that.
UNSPOKEN: I check the time on my phone.
UNSPOKEN: It’s just before 7 AM.
Rintaro: “...You came to wake me up? Thanks.”
Kurisu: “I didn’t do it for you.”
Suzuha: “I asked her to wake you up, Okabe Rintaro. There’s something I want to show you.”
UNSPOKEN: I realize that there’s a strange object sitting on the table in front of me.
Rintaro: “...What’s this?”
Suzuha: “A divergence meter. The numbers indicate the divergence value of the current worldline.”
UNSPOKEN: The meter displays “0.337187%”.
Suzuha: “Divergence is measured from my original worldline, which corresponds to zero.”
Rintaro: “You made this?”
Suzuha: “No. I brought it with me from 2036.”
Rintaro: “These are Nixie tubes, right? Whoever made this has taste. I’d happily dub it Future Gadget No. 9.”
Kurisu: “How exactly does it work? It shouldn’t be possible to measure changes like that.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shrugs.
Suzuha: “I don’t know either.”
Rintaro: “You don’t know!?”
Suzuha: “Can you guess who made it?”
UNSPOKEN: How should I know?
Suzuha: “You did, Okabe Rintaro.”
Rintaro: “Huh?”
Suzuha: “You made it, umm... 11 years from now. It apparently works the same way your special power does.”
Rintaro: “Huh...”
Kurisu: “So this meter lets other people check worldline divergence?”
Suzuha: “I wish.”
Suzuha: “I’m pretty sure only Okabe Rintaro would notice if the number changed.”
Kurisu: “What? Then there’s no point. Make something useful for once, Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Kurisu’s complaints and look at the meter again.
UNSPOKEN: This is something I made.
UNSPOKEN: Fifteen years have passed since I completed it.
UNSPOKEN: Eleven years will pass before I complete it.
UNSPOKEN: It’s a strange feeling.
Suzuha: “Only the person who made it knows how it works. Wait 11 years. I’m sure he’ll have figured it out by then.”
Rintaro: “Have you met me in the future?”
UNSPOKEN: She did say I was an infamous terrorist in 2036.
UNSPOKEN: For some reason, Suzuha’s expression darkens momentarily.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe, remember the lifter? I don’t suppose you’ve figured out what it is... no, of course you haven’t.”
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. We hadn’t discovered the lifter at this point in time.
Rintaro: “I already know. It’s the 42-inch CRT downstairs.”
Kurisu: “R-really? What’s your proof?”
Rintaro: “I’ve been here before, remember?”
Kurisu: “...Oh, right. The CRT... I see...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu heads back into the development room, nodding to herself.
Mayuri: “I’m sorry, guys. I made things worse...”
UNSPOKEN: I give Mayuri some chicken to cheer her up.
UNSPOKEN: There’s not much time left.
UNSPOKEN: What else can we do before the time limit?
Kurisu: “Hello.”
Rintaro: “Assistant? It’s me.”
Kurisu: “Oh, I think you got the wrong number.”
Rintaro: “What are you saying? It’s me, Hououin Kyouma.”
Kurisu: “My name isn’t Assistant. And your name isn’t Hououin Kyouma.”
Rintaro: “Would you prefer to be called ’KuriGohan and Kamehameha’?”
Kurisu: “Bwah!?”
UNSPOKEN: I hear rattling from the other side of the phone.
Kurisu: “How do you know about that!?”
Rintaro: “Before I time leaped, you made a tearful confession. You said, ’I’m an @channeler, a Nicojunkie, and a camwhore who posts tits, but will you still accept me as your assistant?’”
Rintaro: “And I, of course, replied...”
Rintaro: “’You may be an @channeler, a Nicojunkie, and a camwhore who posts tits, but you’re still a member of this lab.”
Rintaro: “And that makes you my assistant, now and forever. So wipe your tears, for there is still much--’”
Kurisu: “I’m gonna post your personal info all over VIP if you don’t shut your mouth right this second!”
Rintaro: “...How are things there?”
Kurisu: “Fine. You called at the right time. We need to talk.”
UNSPOKEN: Just like that, we’re back to normal conversation.
Rintaro: “I’ll be right there.”
Kurisu: “OK. I’ll be waiting.”
UNSPOKEN: I take Suzuha back to the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu greets us with a cold stare when we return to the lab.
Kurisu: “For your information, I don’t post t...ti...”
Kurisu: “I don’t post pictures of my chest, okay!?”
Rintaro: “It was just a joke. Let it die.”
Kurisu: “...”
Suzuha: “Kurigohan and Kamehameha... so you’re the one who kept picking fights with me on the internet. Makes sense.”
Kurisu: “I thought you wanted an open discussion.”
Suzuha: “Sure. You were kind of annoying, though.”
Kurisu: “Hehehe...”
Suzuha: “Ahaha!”
UNSPOKEN: Are these two still fighting?
Rintaro: “By the way, it may shock you to learn that I am the poster known as Hououin Kyou--”
Kurisu & Suzuha: ”I know.”
UNSPOKEN: Gh, the same reaction again!
UNSPOKEN: Why do they only agree when it’s at my expense!?
UNSPOKEN: I clear my throat and change the subject.
Rintaro: “So, what did you want to talk about? The Time Leap Machine?”
Kurisu: “I think you probably forgot, so I wanted to make sure just in case.”
Kurisu: “Have you been looking for the lifter? You haven’t, have you?”
UNSPOKEN: Oh, right. We hadn’t discovered what it was at this point in time.
Rintaro: “I already know. It’s the 42-inch CRT downstairs.”
Kurisu: “R-really? What’s your proof?”
Rintaro: “I’ve been here before, remember?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What? Don’t apologize. It’s creepy.”
Rintaro: “I know you’re not a fan of time travel research. But here you are building a time machine.”
Rintaro: “I was just worried that maybe you were feeling conflicted.”
Kurisu: “How rude.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s scowls.
Kurisu: “I’m sure I’ve said this before, but I’ve always accepted time travel as a theory.”
Kurisu: “I just don’t trust people who claim it can be done despite how unrealistic it is.”
UNSPOKEN: She sighs, then looks me over from head to toe.
Kurisu: “Besides, I can hardly deny it with evidence staring me in the face.”
Kurisu: “Though I still don’t like the idea of being called the mother of the time machine.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha shrugs at this.
Kurisu: “Anyway. If you’re apologizing, that must mean you helped out the first time.”
Rintaro: “The first time?”
Kurisu: “Before you started time leaping. You helped me build the machine, didn’t you?”
Rintaro: “Yeah. Daru and I helped.”
Kurisu: “Then don’t worry about it. I wouldn’t want you to have to do it all over again.”
Kurisu: “And right now, it’s more important to repair Amane-san’s time machine and search for her father.”
Suzuha: “...Sorry.”
Kurisu: “Don’t you apologize now. It’s weird.”
Kurisu: “Welp, back to work. I should be able to get a lot done now that I know about the lifter.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu waves and vanishes into the development room.
UNSPOKEN: I’d better not disturb her.
UNSPOKEN: The time limit is approaching.
UNSPOKEN: What else can I do?
Itaru: “Hoihoi.”
Rintaro: “It’s me. Report.”
Itaru: “You know, it’s distracting as hell when you talk like that.”
Rintaro: “Enough about you. Report the status of the repairs.”
Itaru: “I’m turning into a prune here!”
Rintaro: “...”
Itaru: “Hey, at least give me some reaction.”
Itaru: “Anyway, I think I figured out what it needs.”
Rintaro: “Really!?”
Itaru: “Pretty much.”
Rintaro: “Should I bring reinforcements?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Done.”
UNSPOKEN: The Time Leap Machine is complete.
UNSPOKEN: It’s 2:30 PM on the 13th, about 20 minutes later than before.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu walks into the lounge with a satisfied look on her face.
UNSPOKEN: It’s just her, me, and Suzuha in the lab. I had Daru and Mayuri head to Radi-Kan, ostensibly to work on the time machine.
Suzuha: “So that’s the Time Leap Machine...”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha gazes at the now-complete machine in awe.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve already explained to her how time leaping works.
UNSPOKEN: It’s as different as can be from Suzuha’s time machine, which can physically displace actual bodies.
Suzuha: “It makes you remember the future, right? That’s pretty interesting.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha crosses her hands behind her head and looks up at the ceiling.
Suzuha: “Intuition... sixth sense... deja vu...”
Suzuha: “I wonder if those things are actually you recalling future memories.”
Suzuha: “Some of SERN’s researchers in my time came up with the theory that memories are a way of sharing information across worldlines.”
Suzuha: “Maybe it’s similar to that.”
Kurisu: “I just wish we knew more about Okabe’s Reading Steiner thing.”
Kurisu: “Is it unique to Okabe? Or does everyone have the potential for it, and Okabe’s is just stronger by coincidence?”
Rintaro: “One thing’s for certain. My consciousness leaps to the past along with my memories.”
Kurisu: “I still don’t understand why that is. It would make more sense if you experienced a change in the present, like you do when we send a D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “Does your consciousness depend on your memories?”
Suzuha: “The problem is that consciousness doesn’t have a form that we can see.”
Suzuha: “Same goes for the soul. Those things are still in the realm of religion.”
Suzuha: “Even in 2036, the existence of the soul hasn’t been proven, and nobody’s proven what forms consciousness, either.”
Kurisu: “I see... that’s a little disappointing.”
Rintaro: “Sending my consciousness back has let me change some future events with more precision than D-Mail, but other events are locked in by convergence.”
UNSPOKEN: I can change the method of Mayuri’s death, but never the fact that she dies.
Suzuha: “That’s not how it works.”
Suzuha: “The future is always determined.”
Rintaro: “Then why does the path there change?”
Suzuha: “Because the worldline changes.”
Suzuha: “When you leap into the past and take different actions from before, divergence changes, if only a little bit.”
Suzuha: “In most cases, that fluctuation won’t amount to more than 0.000001% on the divergence meter.”
Suzuha: “Small changes might not register at all.”
Suzuha: “When you change the cause, the effect merely shifts to a separate, already-existing worldline.”
Suzuha: “Since those two worldlines are almost exactly the same, you barely feel any difference.”
UNSPOKEN: So is that why Reading Steiner didn’t react?
Suzuha: “It’s not like the previous worldline disappears. It keeps existing as another possible worldline.”
Kurisu: “That’s the many-worlds interpretation, right?”
Suzuha: “In any case, they’re not parallel worlds.”
Rintaro: “So is the future reconstructed?”
Suzuha: “I guess you could say that.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m confused again. Maybe it’s impossible for me to fully understand the structure of the universe.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway, that’s enough discussion.
UNSPOKEN: It’s time for me to leap again.
UNSPOKEN: I explain the situation to Kurisu and have her activate the Time Leap Machine immediately.
UNSPOKEN: It’s the night of the 11th. I went back about 40 hours.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Control yourself, perv.”
UNSPOKEN: The lab mems pat Suzuha on the shoulder and offer words of encouragement, each in his or her own way.
Suzuha: “Oh right. Take this.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha offers me her father’s pin.
UNSPOKEN: “OSHM***A 7010”. In the end, we couldn’t decipher the inscription.
Suzuha: “This is for you, Okabe Rintaro. Keep it in the lab, will you? Somewhere out of sight is fine.”
Rintaro: “Suzuha...”
UNSPOKEN: Is she regretting her decision to leave?
UNSPOKEN: Is this pin meant to be proof that Amane Suzuha was here, with us, in this time?
Itaru: “Um... about the pin.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru hesitates for a moment, then steps forward.
Itaru: “Why don’t we make duplicates for all the lab mems? Make it our symbol, I guess.”
Mayuri: “Wow! That’s a great idea!”
Kurisu: “How unusually thoughtful of you.”
Suzuha: “Ahaha. I... I don’t know what to say.”
Itaru: “We already took a picture of it, so keep your pin, Amane-shi. It belonged to your dad, right?”
Suzuha: “Yeah... okay.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I stay silent. There’s nothing I can say.
UNSPOKEN: I could stop Suzuha from leaving, if I tried.
UNSPOKEN: But unless she goes, I can’t save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I...
Mayuri: “Okay everyone! Dahdahdahdah! Mayushii has an important announcement to make!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri suddenly raises her hands and calls for attention.
UNSPOKEN: As usual, she completely fails to sense the gravity of the situation, though I suppose it’s our fault for not telling her the truth about Suzuha’s time machine. In any case, she has my attention.
UNSPOKEN: What could her announcement be?
UNSPOKEN: Could Mayuri have found out that she’s fated to die?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly glance at Kurisu, but she seems just as confused as I am.
UNSPOKEN: Then what is it?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “That joke’s not even logical. It’s impossible for this perv to get married in the first place.”
Itaru: “Hey... that kind of hurts.”
Rintaro: “I completely agree with Christina. Daru is fated to become a wizard when he turns thirty.”
Itaru: “You could be nicer about it, guys... but it’s the truth, so I can’t object.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru falls to his hands and knees, devastated.
UNSPOKEN: As for Suzuha herself... she clearly doesn’t know how to react.
Suzuha: “Um... you know... my dad wasn’t fat.”
Mayuri: “Geez. You’re all so mean to Daru-kun.”
Itaru: “Mayu-shi’s the only one to stand up for me. You’re an angel, Mayu-shi. Do you love me?”
Mayuri: “Nope.”
UNSPOKEN: Harsh.
Mayuri: “Um, Mayushii’s one hundred million percent sure that Daru-kun is Suzuha’s dad.”
Kurisu: “Okay. What’s your proof?”
Mayuri: “Um, I was thinking about the letters on Suzu-san’s pin...”
Mayuri: “After staring at it really hard, I noticed the 7 in ’7010’ looked a little weird.”
Mayuri: “It’s not a 7, it’s a 2. The line fell off the bottom.”
Suzuha: “R-really?”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha stares at the inscription on the pin again.
Suzuha: “It’s so small, I can’t tell...”
Mayuri: “It’s easy to see on the picture we took!”
Kurisu: “2010? But that’s this year!”
Rintaro: “Then what do the letters mean?”
UNSPOKEN: “OSHM***A 7010”
UNSPOKEN: That’s what’s inscribed on the pin.
Mayuri: “That’s easy!”
Mayuri: “Okabe, Shiina, Hashida, Makise. And finally, Amane.”
Itaru: “Wha...”
UNSPOKEN: It was right in front of us all along. We just didn’t know where to look.
Itaru: “It’s our initials!?”
Mayuri: “So I was thinking, why 2010? And then I remembered it’s the year of the lab mems.”
UNSPOKEN: The year of the lab mems?
Mayuri: “The Future Gadget Laboratory was founded this year.”
Suzuha: “So that’s what it is...”
Mayuri: “And you know, Suzu-san has lots of stories about future Okarin and future Chris-chan, but not a single story about Daru-kun, right?”
Itaru: “There weren’t any about Mayu-shi either.”
UNSPOKEN: Daru’s observation startles me. It’s an obvious thing to wonder about, but it strikes too close to home.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Reading Steiner.”
Mayuri: “He knew about it.”
Mayuri: “Doesn’t that fit Daru-kun perfectly?”
Kurisu: “She’s right.”
Mayuri: “Do you remember the day Suzu-san went to meet her father?”
Mayuri: “She thought he would be at the time machine offline meet.”
UNSPOKEN: We know that because we tailed her.
Mayuri: “Daru-kun was supposed to be there too, right?”
Itaru: “That meet was seriously important to the history of Japanese SciFi. At least I got to sneak in while tailing Amane-shi.”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t remember that. It must have happened because of the D-Mail I sent.
UNSPOKEN: This is the curse of Reading Steiner. Although I keep my memories from previous worldlines, I don’t acquire memories of events on new worldlines.
Suzuha: “Dad told me about that meet when I was little. I don’t remember what he said exactly, but I thought I might be able to meet him there.”
Itaru: “So if I’d been at the meet, everything would’ve been okay?”
Suzuha: “Hmm, I don’t know. I don’t think I’d have picked you out as my dad.”
UNSPOKEN: Still, the evidence keeps piling up.
Mayuri: “And then there’s the time machine’s name, FG204 something something... umm, what was it?”
Suzuha: “FG204 2nd EDITION ver. 2.31.”
Rintaro: “Th-that naming sense... it’s got to be Daru!”
Mayuri: “And FG probably stands for Future Gadget.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Taru... Taru... Daru!?”
Suzuha: “It’s a pun!?”
Mayuri: “Okay, Suzu-san! Say ’Hashida Itaru’ ten times fast!”
Suzuha: “Wh-why?”
Mayuri: “Just say it and find out! Ehehe!”
Suzuha: “HashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaru[linebreak]HashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaruHashidaItaru”
Mayuri: “Just now, didn’t it sound like ’Ditor’?”
Kurisu: “It did.”
Mayuri: “Hashidaitaru. Hashi-daita-ru. Hashi-Ditor-ru. Hashi-Titor-ru.”
Itaru: “...For reals?”
Mayuri: “For super reals♪”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t believe it.
UNSPOKEN: But with all this evidence laid out in front of me, I can’t deny it either.
UNSPOKEN: Everyone’s jaw drops again, only this time we’re staring at Daru and Suzuha.
Mayuri: “I think she looks just like her father♪”
Kurisu: “That could just be the placebo effect... but now that you mention it, they kinda do look alike.”
Rintaro: “Nice work, Mayuri! You’ll make a great detective one day.”
Mayuri: “A d-detective? Ehehe! That’s the first time anyone’s said that.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s such a ditz most of the time, but maybe she’s more perceptive than anyone knows.
Itaru: “My... d-daughter? Amane-shi is my daughter?”
UNSPOKEN: Daru, wide-eyed, points at Suzuha while flapping his lips like a fish out of water.
Suzuha: “Dad...”
Itaru: “Uh... c-c-could you call me Papa instead?”
Kurisu: “For once in your life, don’t be a perv...”
Suzuha: “Dad...!”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha tries to hold back her tears, but can’t. 
UNSPOKEN: They fall from her eyes and roll down her cheeks.
Itaru: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Seeing this, Daru stops his joking and lets Suzuha speak.
Suzuha: “I came, Dad. I came to see you... in the time machine you built.”
Itaru: “Yeah...”
Suzuha: “I’m going to finish what you started. I promise.”
Itaru: “Yeah...”
Suzuha: “Watch over me. Okay?”
Itaru: “I’m watching. Of course I am!”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha walks up to Daru and hugs him gently.
UNSPOKEN: Daru awkwardly, but firmly, hugs her back.
UNSPOKEN: Father and daughter, reunited across time.
UNSPOKEN: I’m truly glad we could bring them together.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Haah, whew... whew... no more... running...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gasps for breath while Mayuri calmly munches on a banana.
UNSPOKEN: As I check the lab for any sign of Suzuha, a line of red numbers catches my eye.
UNSPOKEN: The meter reads 0.337187%.
UNSPOKEN: ...Divergence hasn’t changed.
UNSPOKEN: Reading Steiner didn’t activate this time, so I suspected that might be the case.
UNSPOKEN: Let’s think this through.
UNSPOKEN: I thought that divergence would change the instant Suzuha obtained an IBN 5100 in 1975.
UNSPOKEN: But maybe there’s something else that needs to happen.
UNSPOKEN: Will it change the instant Suzuha hands me the IBN 5100?
UNSPOKEN: Or will it change when we use the IBN 5100 to delete my email from SERN’s database?
UNSPOKEN: At any rate, all we can do now is wait for Suzuha to arrive.
Itaru: “Suzuha’s 54 by now, right?”
UNSPOKEN: After catching his breath, Daru speaks.
Itaru: “My daughter is 30 years older than me. I don’t know if I want to see that. Feels weird, man.”
Kurisu: “You know, it wouldn’t be unusual for her to have grandchildren by that age.”
Itaru: “Y-you mean I could have great-grandkids? I don’t know if I’m ready for that, man...”
Mayuri: “Just be super nice to them! That’s what grandpas do!”
Itaru: “Please, don’t call me grandpa...”
UNSPOKEN: A knock on the door interrupts their idle chatter.
UNSPOKEN: It must be Suzuha!
UNSPOKEN: Everyone looks at me. With a strange mixture of anticipation and anxiety, I slowly open the door.
Tennouji: “Okabe!”
UNSPOKEN: Instead of an old woman, we get a wall of muscle.
UNSPOKEN: Our disappointment is palpable.
Rintaro: “Oh, it’s you...”
Tennouji: “Hey, have you seen my part-timer?”
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun peeks into the lab.
Mayuri: “If you’re looking for Suzu-san, she went 35 years--”
Kurisu: “Shaddup, Mayuri!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu covers Mayuri’s mouth.
Tennouji: “You know something? Where’d that girl run off to?”
Tennouji: “She took the last couple days off and I don’t know when she’s coming next. She won’t even answer her phone.”
UNSPOKEN: We don’t have time for this, but I can’t just order him to leave. Not unless I want another cracked skull.
Rintaro: “She said she went back to her hometown. She’s probably gone for good.”
Tennouji: “What!? You sure?”
Tennouji: “That brat. She didn’t say a word to me.”
UNSPOKEN: The future is changing.
UNSPOKEN: Isn’t this proof?
UNSPOKEN: On my previous leaps, Mister Braun never came by the lab.
UNSPOKEN: This must be related to Suzuha’s trip to 1975. Surely it’s a good sign.
UNSPOKEN: Now, as long as the attractor field doesn’t amend history again...
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun sighs, then turns to me with a serious expression.
Tennouji: “Well, whatever. I’ve got something for you, Okabe.”
Rintaro: “...For me?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Calm down, both of you. Hashida did everything he could. He doesn’t deserve your anger, Okabe.”
Rintaro: “How can you be so calm!?”
Kurisu: “That’s how I am. Sorry. Now calm down.”
Rintaro: “Gh...”
UNSPOKEN: It’s not Daru’s fault. I know that.
UNSPOKEN: But it can’t end like this. It can’t!
UNSPOKEN: What was Suzuha feeling as she wrote this letter?
UNSPOKEN: I look again at the words scrawled upon the page, every character resonant with despair.
UNSPOKEN: I wanted to welcome her back with a smile.
UNSPOKEN: Instead... this.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha is dead, ten years gone.
UNSPOKEN: ...Wait. How did she die?
UNSPOKEN: Don’t tell me...
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun must know what happened.
UNSPOKEN: I run to the window and check the street.
UNSPOKEN: Mister Braun is outside, closing up shop.
Rintaro: “Mister Braun!”
UNSPOKEN: I run downstairs.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “We can’t just leave it like this! I have to do something!”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Mayuri: “But Okarin, are you sure?”
UNSPOKEN: Don’t try to stop me, Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t let this stand.
UNSPOKEN: There are two options.
UNSPOKEN: I can cancel the D-Mail that convinced me to pursue Suzuha. Sending a contradictory D-Mail should do the trick.
UNSPOKEN: Or I can time leap again and prevent Suzuha from leaving.
UNSPOKEN: Two options... but really, just one.
UNSPOKEN: Do not hesitate, Okabe Rintaro.
UNSPOKEN: Hesitation is unforgivable.
UNSPOKEN: You already know what you must do.
UNSPOKEN: “Stop pursuit”
UNSPOKEN: “last mail”
UNSPOKEN: “is SERN trap”
UNSPOKEN: That should be enough to convince me to let Suzuha go.
Rintaro: “Kurisu. You’re good at remembering dates, aren’t you?”
Kurisu: “Huh? Well, sure...”
Rintaro: “When did we throw that party for Suzuha?”
Kurisu: “Four days ago. August 9th.”
Mayuri: “You’re sending a D-Mail, Okarin? But won’t that make everything disappear?”
UNSPOKEN: Four days.
UNSPOKEN: It may not sound like much, but in that time, we forged a definite bond with Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: To send this D-Mail is to sever that bond.
UNSPOKEN: I know that. I know that!
UNSPOKEN: But this is the only choice I have.
UNSPOKEN: I set the PhoneWave to 97 hours ago. This D-Mail should arrive a few hours after the first.
UNSPOKEN: Now I just need to send it.
UNSPOKEN: Save Mayuri -- that is my purpose.
UNSPOKEN: That is what drove me to leap through time.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll do whatever it takes to save her.
UNSPOKEN: This is just one more sacrifice.
UNSPOKEN: Erase the time you spent with Suzuha! Destroy whatever bond you had!
UNSPOKEN: Send the D-Mail!
UNSPOKEN: Push the button!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...ah.”
UNSPOKEN: The world twists.
UNSPOKEN: My legs shake.
UNSPOKEN: I cover my eyes and wait for my senses to return to normal.
UNSPOKEN: A thousand emotions stampede through my skull, then fade away.
UNSPOKEN: I stare vacantly at Kurisu, who is standing in front of me.
UNSPOKEN: At first, I can’t hear her over the buzzing in my ears, but little by little, her voice becomes clear.
Kurisu: “...see? You’re shaking. We’ve only been at it for two days and you’re already exhausted.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts her finger at me like an angry schoolteacher.
Kurisu: “We still have plenty of time to find the pin. You don’t have to be in such a hurry.”
Kurisu: “If you collapse, what then? I won’t be worried about you, but Mayuri sure will.”
Kurisu: “Take care of yourself. Got it?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: The time leap worked.
Rintaro: “Yeah... got it.”
UNSPOKEN: I nod to Kurisu, then collapse onto the sofa.
UNSPOKEN: ...I couldn’t sacrifice either of them.
UNSPOKEN: In a sense, I am running away.
UNSPOKEN: But there was no other choice.
UNSPOKEN: No other way to save Suzuha and Mayuri both.
UNSPOKEN: In two days, Mayuri will die, and Suzuha will be lost to the past.
UNSPOKEN: If these two days are all we have left...
UNSPOKEN: Then all I can do is repeat them.
UNSPOKEN: Forever.
UNSPOKEN: Let these two days be the rest of my life.
UNSPOKEN: The wind caresses my cheek.
UNSPOKEN: I push down on the pedals and begin the ascent up Harumi Bridge.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Sorry, but there’s no convenience store until we cross another bridge after this one. Tough it out.”
Itaru: “Y-you serious? I can’t, it’s impossible...”
Mayuri: “Wow, Okarin. You really know the area. Have you been here before?”
Rintaro: “...Yeah. Many times.”
UNSPOKEN: How long have I been living in this closed loop of time?
UNSPOKEN: It’s already getting hard to keep track of the days, so instead I think in two-day cycles.
UNSPOKEN: This should be the fourth cycle.
UNSPOKEN: This time, only I know that Mayuri is fated to die.
UNSPOKEN: By keeping that secret, I allow us to spend these days like normal kids our age would.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You got a D-Mail, didn’t you?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s innocent smile.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s cynical grin.
UNSPOKEN: To them, it’s a joke, but they’re not mistaken.
UNSPOKEN: The only thing they got wrong was that I didn’t send a D-Mail. I time leaped.
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha’s eyes meet mine.
UNSPOKEN: She was laughing just a moment ago, but now she looks confused, uncertain.
UNSPOKEN: I...
UNSPOKEN: Avert my eyes.
Itaru: “Holy Land, I have returned!”
UNSPOKEN: Daru, his vigor restored, faces Big Sight with his arms spread wide.
Mayuri: “Wow... I’ve never seen it this empty...”
Kurisu: “Look at all that space. It’s hard to believe they fill this whole area during ComiMa.”
UNSPOKEN: In the emptiness, it is easy to see how truly majestic Big Sight is.
UNSPOKEN: At ComiMa, when you’re wading through a sea of people, it’s just another big building.
Mayuri: “Hey! Mayushii’s hungry!”
Itaru: “Isn’t there a restaurant nearby? Let’s take a break.”
Kurisu: “I can’t believe we have to bike all the way back. What a nightmare...”
UNSPOKEN: The three of them go searching for the family restaurant.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha is still gazing at Big Sight.
Rintaro: “What’s wrong, Suzuha?”
UNSPOKEN: I ask the question, though I already know how she’ll answer.
UNSPOKEN: She’s excited to see Big Sight in real life.
Suzuha: “I’m excited to see Big Sight in real life.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha’s eyes are shining.
Suzuha: “It’s gone by 2036, you know.”
Suzuha: “They cleared it to make way for bigger, better convention centers. Tokyo’s full of them in my time. They even moved the Dome out there.”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha points to the middle of Tokyo Bay.
Suzuha: “Hashida Itaru called it the Holy Land. Is that how you see it in this time?”
Suzuha: “So this is where they have ComiMa... I’ve heard of it. Hundreds of thousands of people come, right? Mom said that’s where she met my dad.”
Rintaro: “Ahh, so your mother was a fujoshi.”
Suzuha: “I’ve always wanted to see this place. Thank you, Okabe Rintaro.”
Suzuha: “I feel... closer to my dad now.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Sorry, but there’s no convenience store until we cross another bridge after this one. Tough it out.”
UNSPOKEN: I reply mechanically.
Itaru: “Y-you serious? I can’t, it’s impossible...”
Mayuri: “Wow, Okarin! You really know the area! Have you been here before?”
Rintaro: “...Yeah. Many times.”
UNSPOKEN: What cycle is this? My tenth?
UNSPOKEN: It must be more than that by now.
UNSPOKEN: I’m still repeating the same two days.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s attack? Mayuri’s death?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Hey, are you okay?”
Suzuha: “Are you hurt?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Suzuha get off their bicycles and help Daru up.
Mayuri: “That truck was mean!”
UNSPOKEN: The truck has already crossed the intersection after the bridge. We watch it drive away.
Itaru: “Man, what a shock. What was with that guy!? Crazy drivers. I should’ve checked the number! Then I could be like ’Reported!’”
Kurisu: “Nothing actually happened, so there’s not much point in reporting it.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Everyone’s fussing over Daru.
UNSPOKEN: I stand a few steps away, staring at my hands.
UNSPOKEN: I’m glad it ended as something to laugh about... but what was I thinking just now?
UNSPOKEN: I began this loop so that no one would be hurt.
UNSPOKEN: So that Mayuri would live, and Suzuha would never go back in time.
UNSPOKEN: Yet just now... I was ready to watch Daru die. 
UNSPOKEN: Some part of me wanted it to happen.
Suzuha: “...Okabe Rintaro?”
Rintaro: “!?”
UNSPOKEN: I cower in reflex upon hearing my name.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha is staring at me. There are questions in her eyes.
UNSPOKEN: She can’t have heard my dark thoughts just now.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, I feel like she can see right through me.
Suzuha: “...You look pale.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Look at all that space. It’s hard to believe they fill this whole area during ComiMa.”
UNSPOKEN: In the emptiness, it is easy to see how truly majestic Big Sight is.
UNSPOKEN: At ComiMa, when you’re wading through a sea of people, it’s just another big building.
Mayuri: “Hey! Mayushii’s hungry!”
Itaru: “Isn’t there a restaurant nearby? Let’s take a break.”
Kurisu: “I can’t believe we have to bike all the way back. What a nightmare...”
UNSPOKEN: The three of them go searching for the family restaurant.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha is still gazing at Big Sight.
UNSPOKEN: My eyes roam her body.
UNSPOKEN: Those tight legs.
UNSPOKEN: That slender body.
UNSPOKEN: Her clothes accentuate all her fine curves.
UNSPOKEN: Her breasts are surprisingly large.
UNSPOKEN: Something stirs in my heart.
UNSPOKEN: Hot and heavy, like thick lava.
UNSPOKEN: It whispers to me words like poison.
UNSPOKEN: What if...
UNSPOKEN: What if I lure her into a dark corner and have my way with her? What then?
UNSPOKEN: Getting her alone would be simple enough.
UNSPOKEN: All I have to do is offer information on her father and she’ll follow me anywhere.
UNSPOKEN: To make matters easier, no Amane Suzuha exists in present-day Japan.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...Then do it.”
Itaru: “Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Everyone turns to look at me.
Rintaro: “Do it. Kill someone.”
Itaru: “W-why so serious, man?”
Rintaro: “Come on, what are you waiting for? If you want to do it, then do it.”
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe. What’s gotten into you?”
Mayuri: “Okarin, you shouldn’t say things like that.”
Suzuha: “...”
Itaru: “What’s up with you, man?”
Rintaro: “Nothing.”
Rintaro: “There’s a convenience store once we pass two bridges. Tough it out.”
Itaru: “Geh, really? That’s farther than I thought...”
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Hundreds of days have passed since this began. Maybe thousands. How many cycles has it been?
UNSPOKEN: I’ve repeated this loop so many times that I’ve grown tired of keeping track.
UNSPOKEN: I can barely remember the reason I started.
UNSPOKEN: The days go by, like tearing pages from a calendar.
UNSPOKEN: Everyone says the same things. Everyone responds in the same way. I’ve noticed my biorhythms seem a bit off, but aside from that, every day is the same.
UNSPOKEN: Same, same, same, same, same, same, same, same.
UNSPOKEN: Yes, subtle deviations occur.
UNSPOKEN: But it’s all within acceptable limits. In the end, the result is always the same.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “So report him.”
UNSPOKEN: The truck’s number smoothly rolls off my tongue.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve seen it so many times it’s like a brand on my brain.
Rintaro: “There, now you know. Report him.”
UNSPOKEN: I hold my phone out.
Itaru: “...Did I do something, Okarin?”
Rintaro: “You said you wanted to report him, so I’m giving you the opportunity.”
UNSPOKEN: My tone is flat. I’m just saying whatever comes to mind.
UNSPOKEN: It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters.
Kurisu: “I agree that Hashida could be a little less lazy, but you’re going way too far, Okabe.”
Rintaro: “Shut up, you class rep wannabe.”
Kurisu: “Wh, what?”
Mayuri: “No fighting, guys! Daru-kun’s okay, so let’s be happy, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: I ignore Mayuri and shove my phone at Daru.
Rintaro: “You’re not going to report him?”
Itaru: “W-well, I guess I’ll let him off the hook this time.”
UNSPOKEN: I sigh and put away my phone.
Suzuha: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha is staring at me again.
UNSPOKEN: She looks like she wants to say something.
UNSPOKEN: But who cares what she thinks? I feel nothing.
UNSPOKEN: The tired Kurisu, the reenergized Daru, and the ever-energetic Mayuri repeat the same conversation I’ve seen hundreds of times.
UNSPOKEN: And then they go search for the restaurant.
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I turn my back to them and walk towards the ocean.
UNSPOKEN: But Suzuha stands in front of me, blocking my way.
Suzuha: “...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Wait... did you just say my name correctly?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me in astonishment, like she can’t believe her ears.
Rintaro: “When you’re done eating, go home. It’s late, so I’ll go with you.”
Mayuri: “Okeydokey!”
Kurisu: “I don’t need an escort from you. I can get back by myself.”
Rintaro: “Just listen. Daru, you too.”
Itaru: “Huh? Me too?”
UNSPOKEN: The train lines running through Akihabara are operating normally. There’s no bomb scare, and no sign of Moeka or her men.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s taking the Sobu Line to the next station, Ochanomizu, while Daru’s going the opposite way to Shin-Koiwa.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and I are taking the Yamanote Line to Ikebukuro, so we part at the station’s ticket gate.
UNSPOKEN: There are surprisingly few passengers on the train. I guess most of the salarymen are off for the Obon holiday.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is playing a handheld game - the RaiNet Kakeru action RPG. On the screen, her character is battling a gigantic Upa.
UNSPOKEN: I stand beside her and gaze at her profile, lost in thought.
UNSPOKEN: It’s the night of the 13th, and Mayuri’s still alive.
UNSPOKEN: How many times have I watched her die? How many times have I tasted that despair?
UNSPOKEN: No matter what I did, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t save this ditzy childhood friend of mine from death.
UNSPOKEN: She died again and again, right before my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: But now, she’s alive.
UNSPOKEN: Standing beside me, playing a game.
UNSPOKEN: This is why I sacrificed our memories with Suzuha. It was the only way.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “So you’re the devoted type, huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is glaring at me with an ice coffee in her hand. We’re in the lab, which appears to have become her second home.
Rintaro: “What’s that supposed to mean?”
UNSPOKEN: I’m sitting at the computer, searching for intel on the IBN 5100.
UNSPOKEN: I still don’t know where it is. I went to Yanabayashi Shrine this morning, but alas, it wasn’t there.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha promised to get one to us somehow. Her gift to us from 1975.
UNSPOKEN: Without it, we can’t hack into SERN’s database, meaning we can’t achieve divergence over 1%.
Kurisu: “All of a sudden, you’re treating Mayuri like a princess.”
Kurisu: “Today you went to the station to meet her, you taste tested her lunch, and then you held her hand all the way back to the lab.”
Mayuri: “Okarin really loves Mayushii! Ehehe!”
UNSPOKEN: Did she have to tell Kurisu, of all people?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri looks so carefree as she stuffs her cheeks with takoyaki.
UNSPOKEN: I’m pretty sure she’s smiling not because of my love, but because of the takoyaki’s deliciousness. Typical Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: But seriously, did you have to tell Kurisu?
Kurisu: “So what’s the deal?”
Rintaro: “I don’t follow.”
Kurisu: “Are you a couple or what? I’ve been meaning to ask.”
Rintaro: “Do we look like a couple?”
Kurisu: “Huh!? Uh... well... umm...”
UNSPOKEN: Just what sort of delusions does this girl have?
Mayuri: “You know, Okarin and Mayushii have been friends since we were little♪”
Mayuri: ”Mwawoohii’s weeally hwawy nawo.”
Rintaro: “Don’t talk with your mouth full.”
Kurisu: “So... you’re not a couple. Oh. Well, of course! No one would willingly date Okabe, after all.”
Rintaro: “Pff. You disappoint me, Christina!”
Kurisu: “Hah? What are you talking about?”
Rintaro: “You have finally revealed your true nature.”
Rintaro: “I saw how your eyes lit up at the first hint of romance! You’re nothing but a filthy mainstream girl!”
Rintaro: “I bet you like to eat chocolate with your girlfriends and giggle about the latest celebrity love affair! Absurd! This lab has no need of the puppies and flowers in your head!”
UNSPOKEN: It feels strange to be spewing this chuunibyou nonsense again, after what I’ve been through.
UNSPOKEN: Gh, is my innocence lost forever?
Kurisu: “What the hell are you on about, you self-proclaimed mad scientist chuunibyou nutcase?”
UNSPOKEN: It’s been a long time since I argued with Kurisu like this too.
UNSPOKEN: The thought brings a sudden pang of loneliness.
UNSPOKEN: After failing to save Mayuri, I sought help from this genius girl.
UNSPOKEN: Even though her words were at times harsh, she supported and encouraged me to the end.
UNSPOKEN: But now, all of that has vanished along with the time we spent with Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: Thank you for your help, Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I silently give her my sincere gratitude.
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I finish typing on the X68000’s keyboard and sigh, then turn to the divergence meter sitting on the shelf.
UNSPOKEN: The display reads 0.409431%.
UNSPOKEN: What does that mean?
Suzuha: “The universe is like this piece of yarn.”
Suzuha: “Countless possible worldlines exist side by side, branching out to infinity.”
Suzuha: “When the meter reads over 1%, you’ve made it to the Beta worldline.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “This is just in case.”
Kurisu: “In case what?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to answer that.
UNSPOKEN: I keep praying that my fears will not be realized.
UNSPOKEN: It’s okay. Everything will be okay.
UNSPOKEN: They didn’t attack yesterday, so they won’t attack today.
UNSPOKEN: At the very least, we’ve changed Mayuri’s fate.
UNSPOKEN: But still, I can’t help but pray.
UNSPOKEN: Please let Mayuri be safe. Please don’t let anything happen.
UNSPOKEN: My prayers...
UNSPOKEN: Go unanswered.
UNSPOKEN: The door slams open.
UNSPOKEN: Five men burst into the lab.
UNSPOKEN: I recognize them -- the Rounders.
UNSPOKEN: They aim their guns at us. I freeze.
UNSPOKEN: Despair seizes my heart. My worst fears have come true.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Stop! Stop!”
Itaru: “Don’t shoot meeeee!”
UNSPOKEN: I hear Kurisu and Daru screaming as the gunfire continues.
Rintaro: “Guh!”
UNSPOKEN: A sharp pain flares at the top of my head.
UNSPOKEN: I press down with my hand. It comes away soaked with blood.
Rintaro: “Ah, aahhh...”
UNSPOKEN: It hurts it hurts it hurts!
UNSPOKEN: It feels like someone took a saw to my skull.
UNSPOKEN: My ears are ringing.
UNSPOKEN: I stumble. I can’t stand up straight.
UNSPOKEN: I need to get to the Time Leap Machine!
UNSPOKEN: I squeeze Mayuri’s limp hand one last time, then crawl to the development room, fumble for the headgear, and put it on.
UNSPOKEN: I point the remote at the hole and press the power button.
UNSPOKEN: The TV turns on downstairs. I can hear people laughing on the screen.
Attacker A: “Target A, Target C secured.”
Kurisu: “Run, Okabe! Run!”
UNSPOKEN: Shit!
UNSPOKEN: I clench my fists in frustration.
UNSPOKEN: The Time Leap Machine is already activated.
UNSPOKEN: The discharge phenomenon is starting.
UNSPOKEN: The floor begins to shake.
UNSPOKEN: Once again...
UNSPOKEN: I leap to the past.
Rintaro: “Ah!”
UNSPOKEN: The world collapses, then reforms.
UNSPOKEN: Once again, I feel that odd numbness behind my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: The pain at the top of my head is gone.
UNSPOKEN: I wipe the sweat off my brow and look around.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t see Moad Snake’s vapor any more. The air is clear.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is reading a western book like usual.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is playing a handheld game while eating a banana.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What is it? You don’t normally say my name normally.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu frowns at her own words.
Kurisu: “That came out weird.”
Rintaro: “Please... help me.”
Kurisu: “...Now this is a shock.”
Kurisu: “I never thought I’d hear those words from you. Do you have a fever?”
Rintaro: “No jokes. I seriously need your help.”
Kurisu: “You time leaped, didn’t you?”
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: “How much do you know?”
Kurisu: “How much do I know about what?”
Rintaro: “How about Suzuha being John Titor?”
Kurisu: “Eh!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gives me a blank stare.
Kurisu: “It never even occurred to me.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: When we prevented Suzuha from leaving on August 9th, she ended up staying until August 13th.
UNSPOKEN: But that outcome was changed by my last D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: What happened during those four days on this worldline?
Rintaro: “Have you finished the Time Leap Machine?”
Kurisu: “What are you talking about? I finished it yesterday after an all-nighter, remember?”
Kurisu: “When did you leap from?”
Rintaro: “8 PM tonight.”
UNSPOKEN: It looks like I’ll have to explain everything all over again.
Kurisu: “Hmmm...”
UNSPOKEN: I told her about Mayuri’s many deaths, and about what happened with Suzuha and Moeka. I also gave a summary of what Suzuha told me about the structure of the universe.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu does not appear to doubt my story.
Kurisu: “So basically, you win if you get the IBN 5100 back.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sums up what I told her.
Kurisu: “This is just a guess...”
Kurisu: “But maybe you should look at what Amane-san said from the opposite angle.”
Kurisu: “I think the critical change takes place when you get the IBN 5100 and erase the data in SERN’s database.”
Kurisu: “That instant is most likely when you’ll achieve divergence over 1%.”
Rintaro: “The problem is where the IBN 5100 is now.”
Kurisu: “You’ve already found it once. That is, if your memories are real.”
Kurisu: “If you can get back to the worldline where you first obtained it, then isn’t it bound to return to you?”
Rintaro: “I see... You’re right.”
Rintaro: “The IBN 5100 was at the lab, and then it suddenly disappeared.”
Kurisu: “You threw a fit about that earlier. I remember thinking, ’Oh god, Okabe’s finally lost his ability to distinguish fantasy from reality.’”
Rintaro: “You’re such a wannabe American. What do you mean, ’oh god’? Oh, I get it. Chris-chan is a Chris-tian.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me in disdain as soon as those words leave my lips.
Kurisu: “That’s terrible.”
Rintaro: “...I regret it too.”
UNSPOKEN: This is no time for puns.
Rintaro: “So, Christina... let me see if I understand what you’re saying.”
Rintaro: “The changes we made to the worldline -- namely, all of the D-Mails we’ve sent -- must be reversed.”
Rintaro: “That will return us to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.”
UNSPOKEN: From what I’ve experienced so far, I’m confident that the IBN 5100’s disappearance from the lab wasn’t due to theft.
UNSPOKEN: After all, I was sleeping at the lab. And whenever I wasn’t around, another lab mem was. The lab was occupied every hour of the day.
UNSPOKEN: It would have been impossible for someone to steal that heavy computer without anyone noticing.
UNSPOKEN: It makes more sense to assume that a D-Mail caused us to diverge from the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I know that.
UNSPOKEN: I’d ask for Suzuha’s opinion too, if she were here, but on this worldline, she traveled to 1975 on the night of August 9th. There’s no way I can speak to her now.
Kurisu: “Why did the IBN 5100 disappear? Which of the D-Mails caused its disappearance?”
Kurisu: “Figure that out, and you’re well on your way to finding the solution.”
Rintaro: “What I don’t understand is how we delayed the timing of Mayuri’s death exactly 24 hours.”
Kurisu: “True, that is interesting. Maybe it’s related to the change in divergence.”
Kurisu: “It could be the Butterfly Effect. If that’s the case, any trivial change could produce a significantly deviant result.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: ”Anyway, it’s important to act with discretion. Don’t do anything careless.”
Kurisu: “Your death, Okabe, is the worst thing that could possibly happen.”
Kurisu: “You’re probably the only person who can remember previous worldlines. If you die, then consider Mayuri dead for good.”
Kurisu: “...Don’t die. Okay?”
Rintaro: “...You’re not worried about me, are you?”
Kurisu: “W-what!? Don’t be ridiculous! Why should I care!?”
Kurisu: “I’m not worried about you, okay? Don’t get the wrong idea.”
Kurisu: “I just don’t want to lose a valuable test subject, that’s all. Yeah!”
Kurisu: “That brain of yours has accumulated memories spanning worldlines and time leaps. It’s a precious sample that can rewrite the history of neuroscience!”
Kurisu: “I want to map your brain and find out just what’s going on in there.”
Kurisu: “In other words, your time leaping helps me, too! After all, the Time Leap Machine is the fruit of my research, so to speak, and I--”
Rintaro: “Calm down.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away with a sour expression.
UNSPOKEN: This assistant of mine can be difficult sometimes.
UNSPOKEN: Anyway.
UNSPOKEN: I consider her hypothesis. In order to return to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine, we need to cancel all the D-Mails we sent so far.
UNSPOKEN: The theory is sound, and I’ve got nothing else to go on.
UNSPOKEN: I check the clock. It’s 6:42 PM.
UNSPOKEN: Only one hour until Moeka’s raid.
UNSPOKEN: I decide to time leap once more, to the afternoon of the 13th, just before the Time Leap Machine is completed.
Rintaro: “Christina. I’m going to give this plan of yours a shot.”
Kurisu: “Oh. G-great.”
UNSPOKEN: I take Kurisu’s hand and grasp it firmly.
Kurisu: “Ah...”
Rintaro: “You’ve been a great help. Sorry for the trouble.”
Kurisu: “D-don’t apologize, dummy. It’s confusing...”
Kurisu: “And besides, I don’t even remember helping you before! How are you going to take responsibility for this!?”
UNSPOKEN: Why is she getting mad at me? I just don’t understand her.
Kurisu: “I wish I could remember too...”
Kurisu: “Then I’d always have something to rub your nose in!”
Rintaro: “You really have an awful personality.”
Kurisu: “You’re one to talk.”
UNSPOKEN: With that, I leap 28 hours into the past.
UNSPOKEN: Time leap complete.
UNSPOKEN: I’m standing in the lab, as usual.
UNSPOKEN: My brain feels like it’s been pinched.
UNSPOKEN: I endure the pain as I check my watch.
UNSPOKEN: It’s 1:47 PM.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s almost done with the Time Leap Machine, and Mayuri’s almost done with Lukako’s costume. They should both be done in about 10 minutes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe! Can you hear me!? We called a taxi, but it’ll take some time to get there.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu...
Rintaro: “You exposed us to the pursuers. They’re right in front of us!”
Viral Attacker A: “Hey, come out!”
Viral Attacker B: “There’s no point in hiding!”
Kurisu: “I see. Then I’ll lecture you on how to escape. You’re in the same the place you were before, right?”
UNSPOKEN: The men are approaching our hiding spot. But because the room is dark, it seems they can’t tell where we are.
UNSPOKEN: I listen carefully to Kurisu’s voice.
Kurisu: “Scatter the flour and make a break for it. OK?”
UNSPOKEN: Scatter the flour?
Kurisu: “Then switch on the light.”
UNSPOKEN: Now I get it.
Rintaro: “Roger. Over and out.”
UNSPOKEN: Then, I see the light reflect off of something.
UNSPOKEN: One of the men has a butterfly knife. He opens the blade with a flourish.
Faris: “!?”
UNSPOKEN: I quickly rip open a nearby wheat flour sack and toss its contents into the air.
UNSPOKEN: The scattered white powder shines in the sunlight through the window.
Viral Attacker A: “What the hell!?”
Viral Attacker B: “I can’t see! Cough cough!”
UNSPOKEN: Slipping past the disoriented men, I carry Faris towards the exit.
UNSPOKEN: Right next to the exit, I see the light switch.
UNSPOKEN: I push Faris out first, then flip the switch right before shutting the door.
UNSPOKEN: Right as we get out--
UNSPOKEN: A sound like firecrackers resounds from the other side of the door.
UNSPOKEN: A dust explosion.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Whew...”
UNSPOKEN: The worst is over. All that’s left is a headache.
UNSPOKEN: I need to cancel Lukako’s D-Mail on this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: I sit down in a pipe chair and try to come up with a plan.
UNSPOKEN: ...I can always time leap later.
UNSPOKEN: I put away my phone and take a deep breath.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to sacrifice anyone else.
UNSPOKEN: I know it’s unreasonable, but I want to hope that nothing will happen on this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: A foolish dream, perhaps... but still.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing happens on the 14th.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “This seems serious.”
Rintaro: “Yes. I have a difficult problem that requires... delicacy to resolve.”
Kurisu: “Delicacy? That’s like the exact opposite of what anyone expects from you.”
Rintaro: “That’s why I want to ask a girl. Plus, you’re my assistant, so I need you to save my ass this instant.”
Kurisu: “Oh, you.”
Kurisu: “Why do you need to ask a girl anyway?”
UNSPOKEN: I give her the rundown -- including how many times I’ve time leaped, and what happened with Suzuha and Faris.
UNSPOKEN: How many times have I explained this to her now?
UNSPOKEN: This time, she believes me more readily than I expected.
UNSPOKEN: The only thing she doesn’t believe is the story about Lukako.
Kurisu: “Urushibara-san is actually a guy? That’s totally ridiculous.”
Rintaro: “But it’s the truth. Was the truth.”
Kurisu: “So basically, umm...”
UNSPOKEN: She wrinkles her brow in thought.
Kurisu: “She looked like Hashida?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Crap, I got a mental image there for a second.
UNSPOKEN: Judging by her expression, so did Kurisu.
Rintaro & Kurisu: ”Ugh.”
UNSPOKEN: We grimace.
Kurisu: “Unacceptable! There’s no way such a cute girl was a guy.”
Rintaro: “Hey, hold your horses. I never said that Lukako looked like a guy.”
Rintaro: “He actually looked pretty much the same. He was always androgynous, so much you couldn’t help but think he was secreting excess female hormones or something.”
UNSPOKEN: As a result, I didn’t even notice when Lukako became a girl at first, and made a fatal mistake.
Kurisu: “He looked like she does now?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s gaze wanders for bit...
Kurisu: “Acceptable.”
UNSPOKEN: What?
Kurisu: “Anyway. You want to turn her back into a guy?”
Rintaro: “Unless we do, Mayuri dies.”
Kurisu: “Mayuri’s life is tied to Urushibara-san’s gender... That’s so crazy it doesn’t seem real at all.”
Kurisu: “Have you come up with a solution?”
Rintaro: “Of course. I’ll have Lukako turn back into a guy.”
Kurisu: “I don’t know if she’s going to appreciate that.”
Rintaro: “That’s why I’m consulting you, so I can find a way to do this while hurting her the least.”
UNSPOKEN: I take a mouthful of Dr P in a vain attempt to quiet my frustration.
Rintaro: “...If only I hadn’t been so careless.”
Rintaro: “I shouldn’t have let so many people send D-Mails.”
UNSPOKEN: This is my punishment.
UNSPOKEN: I must shoulder the pain of everyone who used a D-Mail -- Suzuha, Faris, and now Lukako.
Kurisu: “Regret won’t change anything.”
Kurisu: “There’s only one piece of advice I can give.”
UNSPOKEN: Christina sighs, blowing her bangs.
Kurisu: “Don’t say anything to Urushibara-san.”
Rintaro: “What do you mean?”
Kurisu: “Based on what you’ve told me, you have the advantage this time. You already know the contents of the D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “So you don’t have to tell her -- him? Ex-him?”
Kurisu: “...You don’t have to tell Urushibara-san. Just send the cancellation D-Mail.”
Rintaro: “You mean pose as Lukako and send the mail to her mother myself?”
Kurisu: “If the worldline changes, then that will all be undone.”
Kurisu: “In which case, ethical concerns don’t really matter.”
UNSPOKEN: The end justifies the means. A philosophy worthy of a scientist.
Rintaro: “Just one problem.”
Rintaro: “I don’t know her mother’s pager number.”
Kurisu: “What!? Are you an idiot!? Why didn’t you write it down!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “That’s going to look suspicious...”
Kurisu: “What are you so scared of? That’s not the vain and arrogant Okabe I know.”
UNSPOKEN: Vain and arrogant? That was uncalled for.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t have time to be “Hououin Kyouma” now.
Kurisu: “Just make up some nonsense like you always do. I mean, you know how gullible she is, right?”
Kurisu: “...Wow, I hate myself for saying that. I’m a bad girl.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hangs her head.
Rintaro: “Maybe I should just tell her the truth. Sincerity will work better than underhanded tricks... I think.”
Kurisu: “A mad scientist, sincere? That’s a good one.”
Kurisu: “It’s more like you to say ’I’ll brainwash her, muhahaha!’.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m being serious, dammit!
Rintaro: “I will shoulder Lukako’s pain. That’s my responsibility.”
Rintaro: “When I cancel that D-Mail, the fact that she was a girl will be undone.”
Rintaro: “I’m the only one who can carry that burden.”
Kurisu: “So what are you talking to me for? Go to her now, and tell her what you told me.”
Rintaro: “Yeah... you’re right.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s my only choice.
UNSPOKEN: As always, there are only a few worshipers at the shrine.
UNSPOKEN: I guess that’s how it can keep its dignified silence, even though it’s less than a 10 minute walk from Akihabara Station.
Luka: “Ah, Okabe-san...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is sweeping the courtyard.
Luka: “I-I’m sorry, I left Samidare in my room...”
Rintaro: “No, that’s okay.”
Luka: “R-really?”
UNSPOKEN: Well, crap.
UNSPOKEN: Now that we’re face to face, I can’t bring myself to tell her the truth.
Luka: “Is... something wrong?”
Rintaro: “W-well...”
UNSPOKEN: I recall Lukako’s crying face.
UNSPOKEN: She looked very sad when I called her a guy. If possible, I don’t want to make her cry again.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You raised a flag.”
Rintaro: “What are you talking about?”
Kurisu: “Don’t you get it? You raised a flag. Or I guess you could say you tripped over a flag that was already raised.”
Rintaro: “You mean a death flag?”
Kurisu: “Why!? It’s a romance flag, genius.”
Rintaro: “Wha...!”
UNSPOKEN: A... romance flag?
Kurisu: “Urushibara-san likes you.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu thrusts her finger at me.
Kurisu: “When her beloved Hououin Kyouma told her she was a guy, it tore her pure maidenly heart into tiny little pieces.”
Kurisu: “In other words, your plan was a massive failure.”
UNSPOKEN: She sure is calm when it’s my neck on the line.
Kurisu: “Love is trouble. There’s no formula for calculating people’s feelings. Too many unknowns to solve for.”
UNSPOKEN: She shakes her head like she can’t imagine anything worse.
UNSPOKEN: Has this girl never been in love?
Kurisu: “The direct approach was a mistake. It’ll be even harder to persuade her now.”
Kurisu: “You should think of another way this time. Like asking her mother directly.”
Kurisu: “Though I’m sure the Urushibara family already thinks of you as the man who made their daughter cry. So they might have their guard up.”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako likes me?
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to believe it.
UNSPOKEN: I mean, I appreciate the sentiment, but...
Rintaro: “Um... when do you think I first set off that romance flag?”
Kurisu: “How should I know?”
Rintaro: “I mean, think about it. Lukako was a guy last week. If he already liked me at that point, then...”
UNSPOKEN: Uh-oh.
Kurisu: “That’s just your perspective.”
Kurisu: “From everyone else’s perspective, she was always a girl. It makes perfect sense.”
Kurisu: “Think in terms of the current worldline.”
UNSPOKEN: R-right. It makes perfect sense.
UNSPOKEN: Still...
Kurisu: “Anyway, there’s a bigger problem.”
Kurisu: “Will changing Urushibara-san’s gender to male really bring the IBN 5100 back?”
Rintaro: “Something is different from the previous worldline.”
Rintaro: “According to Lukako’s father, the IBN 5100 was definitely at Yanabayashi Shrine.”
Rintaro: “Suzuha gave it to Faris’s dad. After he died, Faris donated it to Yanabayashi Shrine...”
Rintaro: “That sequence is the same as on the worldline where I obtain the IBN 5100.”
Kurisu: “So you’re gradually approaching the original worldline.”
Kurisu: “You know, I’ve been thinking. You really shouldn’t be able to change the worldline so easily.”
Rintaro: “What makes you say that?”
Kurisu: “I mean, there are six billion people in the world.”
Kurisu: “It doesn’t make sense that switching a single person’s gender could cause such a huge change in the worldline.”
Rintaro: “According to Suzuha, taking different actions after a time leap will only change divergence by around 0.000001%, if at all.”
Rintaro: “But when I canceled Faris’s D-Mail, there was a 0.05% change.”
Kurisu: “0.05% is pretty big.”
Kurisu: “What did Amane-san have to say about that?”
Rintaro: “The year 2010 is a major attractor field junction, and the key is whether or not I obtain an IBN 5100.”
Kurisu: “Maybe the divergence meter actually measures your distance to the IBN 5100...”
Kurisu: “In any case, what you’re saying is that all of the D-Mails we sent had an influence on the IBN 5100’s location somehow?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...Kiryu Moeka.”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to see that woman again if I can help it.
UNSPOKEN: In any case, I should focus on Lukako right now.
Rintaro: “So what should I do about Lukako?”
Kurisu: “Well, you tripped a romance flag, so...”
Kurisu: “Hmm...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ponders this for a while.
Kurisu: “...Ah!”
UNSPOKEN: Then she blushes, for some reason, and turns away.
Kurisu: “B-by the way, Okabe. Is there... someone you like?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Wh-why aren’t you answering?”
Rintaro: “Not really.”
UNSPOKEN: For a second, Mayuri’s face floated through my mind.
UNSPOKEN: But I feel more of a need to protect her, rather than romantic love for her.
Kurisu: “Oh... okay.”
Rintaro: “Why do you ask?”
Kurisu: “Ah, no, just wondering! There’s no hidden meaning, okay!?”
Rintaro: “Why are you mad? Also, your face is red.”
Kurisu: “Is not!”
Kurisu: “A-anyway! You should go out with Urushibara-san!”
Rintaro: “...Seriously?”
Kurisu: “Y-you don’t like anyone else, right? Then answer her feelings, you dummy.”
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this name-calling?
Rintaro: “Mayuri dies in two days. I don’t have time to play boyfriend.”
Kurisu: “Just go out with her.”
Rintaro: “...Seriously?”
Kurisu: “If there’s nobody you like, then there’s no reason not to, is there?”
Kurisu: “Get close and help her work through her feelings. Then she’ll probably tell you what you need to know.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri dies in two days. I don’t have time for that touchy-feely stuff.”
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu’s expression turns grave.
Kurisu: “...Only consider this as a last resort.”
Kurisu: “If you’re willing to hurt Urushibara-san, you can always take the information by force.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “She’ll forget after the worldline changes, won’t she? In that case, I think it’s a valid option.”
Kurisu: “But only when compared to Mayuri’s death.”
Kurisu: “...I hate myself for suggesting this.”
Rintaro: “No, you’re right. I need to consider every possible option.”
Rintaro: “But I don’t want to do that if there’s any other choice.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m not saying this for myself.
UNSPOKEN: From my perspective, when the worldline changes, everything until that point becomes undone.
UNSPOKEN: But what about from Lukako’s perspective?
UNSPOKEN: What if this worldline continues after I leave it behind?
UNSPOKEN: The Lukako of this worldline will have to live with what I did to her.
UNSPOKEN: That possibility exists. Suzuha said that’s not the case, but there’s no way to be sure.
UNSPOKEN: And since I can’t confirm or deny that possibility, I don’t want to use Kurisu’s last resort.
UNSPOKEN: Besides, I have the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: And as long as I have it, I can repeat the days before Mayuri’s death forever.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, there’s still the danger of a time leap failure...
UNSPOKEN: In any case, the first thing I should do is have an honest talk with the girl in question.
UNSPOKEN: I hear the tweeting of small birds outside the window.
UNSPOKEN: It’s nice and cool early in the morning, even though it’s the middle of summer.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Stop staring. You’re distracting me. How many times do I have to tell you?”
UNSPOKEN: She’s still working on the Time Leap Machine upgrade.
UNSPOKEN: I know I shouldn’t interrupt her, but there’s nobody else I can rely on.
Rintaro: “Genius neuroscientist, I need to talk to you.”
Kurisu: “Make it short.”
Rintaro: “I want you to come with me to Yanabayashi Shrine.”
Kurisu: “Tell me why. If it’s a date or something, then I refuse.”
Rintaro: “H-Hououin Kyouma does not go on dates. Much less with his assistant. Ridiculous.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: She’s glaring like she’s gonna kill me.
UNSPOKEN: Let’s leave the jokes aside for now...
Rintaro: “S-so... I need you to explain the differences between the male brain and the female brain.”
Kurisu: “What.”
UNSPOKEN: I briefly explain my situation and what happened with Lukako before I leaped.
UNSPOKEN: How many times have I explained this to Kurisu now?
Luka: “Okabe-san... and Makise-san. Did you come to pray?”
UNSPOKEN: Not exactly...
Kurisu: “A-ahem. Actually, we have something to talk to you about, Urushibara-san.”
UNSPOKEN: This is the strategy I thought up. Its name is Operation Christina.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako reacts differently to me.
UNSPOKEN: I already know she’ll have a breakdown if I tell her she’s a guy.
UNSPOKEN: But she’s not too familiar with Kurisu, and they’re both girls, so it should be easier if Kurisu tells her. That’s why I forced -- I mean, persuaded Kurisu to handle it.
UNSPOKEN: So I wait behind Kurisu and watch silently.
Luka: “What might that be?”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako is shy. He was distant with me back when we first met.
UNSPOKEN: And I can see she’s made a small wall between herself and Kurisu now too.
UNSPOKEN: On the other hand, Kurisu’s very calm. Truly reliable.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu puts on a gentle smile and begins her explanation.
Kurisu: “Did you know? Male and female brains are very different.”
Luka: “What...?”
UNSPOKEN: Hey...
Kurisu: “Male brains are right-dominant. Female brains are left-dominant.”
Luka: “Y-yeah...?”
Kurisu: “By the way, the right brain handles image processing, spacial processing, and comprehensive judgment. The left brain handles things like language, and calculation.”
Kurisu: “The right and left brains are connected by the corpus callosum, which is more developed in females.”
Kurisu: “You know how people say that girls are better at multitasking? That can be explained by the development of the corpus callosum.”
Luka: “Uh... what...?”
UNSPOKEN: What the hell is she talking about?
Kurisu: “Actually, these theories are kinda fringe. They’re not really that credible.”
Kurisu: “So if you don’t mind, I’d like to do an experiment.”
Luka: “A-an experiment?”
Kurisu: “I want to try mapping your brain patterns to see if they’re more female or male.”
Luka: “What is mapping...?”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s clearly frightened.
Kurisu: “Brainwave mapping. We just take a sample of your brainwaves. Anyway, you’ll understand if you try it. Okay? Okay? It won’t hurt a bit.”
Luka: “N-no thanks...”
Kurisu: “It’ll be okay, I promise. It won’t hurt a bit. Just come to the lab and we’ll--”
Rintaro: “What kind of perverted old man are you!?”
UNSPOKEN: I lightly chop Kurisu on the head.
Kurisu: “Fwahn! Wh-what!?”
Rintaro: “Don’t you what me! What did we come here for!? What are you going to do if you scare Lukako away!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Yeah, okay. So that’s the thanks I get for going out of my way to help you. I’m gone. You’re on your own now.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu leaves the shrine with squared shoulders, muttering darkly to herself.
Luka: “Um... what was Makise-san talking about?”
Rintaro: “Well, basically...”
UNSPOKEN: D-do I have to explain it myself after all?
Rintaro: “Y-you’re actually a guy.”
UNSPOKEN: The result is the same, of course.
UNSPOKEN: I hear the tweeting of small birds outside the window.
UNSPOKEN: It’s morning now.
UNSPOKEN: It’s nice and cool early in the morning, even though it’s the middle of summer.
UNSPOKEN: Too bad the cicadas are already chirping.
UNSPOKEN: The sun’s not too strong yet.
UNSPOKEN: This is the second time I’ve woken up like this, though the date was different the first time.
UNSPOKEN: In any case, my mental state is exactly the same as back then.
UNSPOKEN: Through the front door, I hear someone stomping up the stairs.
UNSPOKEN: I jump up, thinking it’s Moeka, but then I realize who it is.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Oh, shut up.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu comes out of the development room with sleepy eyes.
Mayuri: “Chris-chan, tutturu♪”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Last night, she fell asleep at the desk. The sleeves of her clothes left a mark on her cheek.
UNSPOKEN: Her hair’s frayed. Her eyes are red.
UNSPOKEN: She rubs those red eyes.
Kurisu: “What is it?”
Rintaro: “I’m going to Yanabayashi Shrine. Come with me.”
Rintaro: “It’s time for Operation Christina II.”
Luka: “Until... the 15th...”
Luka: “We can stop... before Mayuri-chan is in danger...”
Luka: “...so...”
Luka: “Please be my...”
Rintaro: “...”
Luka: “Please be my b...end...”
Rintaro: “...”
Luka: “Boy...end...”
Rintaro: “...”
Luka: “P-please be my boyfriend!”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Same as before.
UNSPOKEN: Only this time, I have to be her boyfriend for four days instead of just two.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Sup, you filthy normal?”
Rintaro: “Who’s a normal? Think about how I feel for once.”
Rintaro: “Did you hear what Lukako said just now?”
Kurisu: “No. Fill me in.”
Rintaro: “You weren’t listening!?”
Kurisu: “How am I supposed to listen from all the way over here?”
Rintaro: “She confessed. Until the 15th. Then back to manhood.”
Kurisu: “Roger.”
Kurisu: “And? Why are you asking me? Just grant Urushibara-san’s wish.”
Rintaro: “B-but it’s Lukako!”
Kurisu: “What’s wrong with her? I mean, look how cute she is.”
Rintaro: “But she’s a--”
Kurisu: “Her being a guy might just be your imagination.”
Kurisu: “From my perspective, she’s always been a girl.”
Rintaro: “Gh...”
Kurisu: “Just give up. Bye.”
Rintaro: “Ah, wai--”
UNSPOKEN: She hung up.
Rintaro: “Damn! Why did I even bring her along?”
UNSPOKEN: What a useless assistant!
UNSPOKEN: I stuff my phone into my pocket and head back to Lukako.
Luka: “Um... were you on the phone... with Makise-san?”
Rintaro: “Hm? Oh, yeah...”
Luka: “Oh...”
Luka: “You looked like you were having fun...”
Rintaro: “N-nonsense.”
UNSPOKEN: Is this pressure? Is she applying psychological pressure!?
Luka: “So...”
UNSPOKEN: Lukako fidgets restlessly.
Luka: “Your... answer...”
UNSPOKEN: “Please be my boyfriend.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Well?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is walking behind me.
UNSPOKEN: She was completely useless.
Kurisu: “Did you agree to go out with her? Well, I can kind of guess based on Urushibara-san’s reaction.”
Rintaro: “Wait, you saw that!?”
Kurisu: “You told me to watch, didn’t you?”
UNSPOKEN: Oh yeah...
UNSPOKEN: I was expecting her to give me advice. Guess I should’ve known better.
Rintaro: “...We’re going on a date tomorrow.”
Kurisu: “Yeah?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu makes a small nasal sound.
UNSPOKEN: She hasn’t been making eye contact.
Kurisu: “Our insane mad scientist is dating a high school girl. That’s not insane at all.”
Rintaro: “Gh...”
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, Kurisu. Must you always be so cynical?
UNSPOKEN: Let’s just ignore her and get to the lab.
UNSPOKEN: But just as I quicken my pace, she grabs my shoulder and pulls me back.
UNSPOKEN: I almost fall down backwards.
Rintaro: “What was that for!?”
Kurisu: “Sorry. I didn’t mean to be snippy. I’m just a little irritated.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn’t tell me what she’s irritated about.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, she starts rubbing her temples.
Kurisu: “You made this choice to save Mayuri. So I’ll change my way of thinking too.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, do you have any plans for your date tomorrow?”
UNSPOKEN: Date plans.
UNSPOKEN: I told Lukako I’d come up with something by tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: So far, I’ve made no progress.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t help but feel uneasy about the whole thing, even though I’m doing it to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: “Well, do you?”
UNSPOKEN: T-this calls for Hououin Kyouma...
Rintaro: “...I have only one thing to say, assistant mine.”
Rintaro: “I am the great Hououin Kyouma, a mad scientist with an IQ rivaling that of Isaac Newton himself!”
Kurisu: “And?”
Rintaro: “Naturally, as a mad scientist, I have no interest in this thing mortals call love. My incredible brain is devoted to the destruction of the System that controls the world, and the birth of a new age of chaos!”
Kurisu: “You’re obviously a virgin, thank you ver--”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...Hah!?”
Kurisu: “...P-pretend you didn’t just hear that.”
Rintaro: “Damn you, assistant! How dare you point out the truth so bluntly! I won’t forget this insult!”
Kurisu: “S-sorry...”
Rintaro: “And what about you!? Your experience must be vast indeed if you think you can lecture me about it!”
Kurisu: “Ugh...”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t miss Christina’s grimace.
Rintaro: “That’s what I thought! You spend all your time on research, so you’ve got zero experience, don’t you!? You must’ve been awfully lonely in America, huh!?”
Kurisu: “Shut up! What’s wrong with being a virgin!?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...Hah!?”
Kurisu: “Ah... awhawha...”
Rintaro: “The genius girl who cried ’virgin’ at the center of Akiba...”
UNSPOKEN: I wouldn’t be surprised to see it plastered across the blogosphere.
UNSPOKEN: Thankfully, it’s early morning, but there are still a few pedestrians grinning at Kurisu.
Kurisu: “L-let’s get out of here!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts to hurry away.
Kurisu: “What’s important for a first date is to make a good impression.”
Kurisu: “An unclean appearance is out of the question. A haircut is especially important. Long hair looks dirty, so it’s no good.”
Kurisu: “For clothes, you should wear something exactly the right size. Though it may be trendy, especially in Akiba, for young men to wear baggy clothes, it looks sloppy, so it’s not good.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Hey! You’re just reading out of a dating manual, so you’ve got no right to look down on me, you American virgin!”
UNSPOKEN: Since neither of us knows anything about romance, we’re studying out of a dating manual we bought on the way here.
Kurisu: “Who are you calling an American virgin?”
Rintaro: “Who else but you?”
Kurisu: “Yeah, sure thing, virgin.”
Kurisu: “There’s a saying. ’A fortress is judged by how many attacks it repulses; a soldier is judged by how many fortresses he takes.’”
Rintaro: “That’s not a saying. Don’t look so proud of yourself.”
Kurisu: “...You’re right. This is a dumb argument.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, this dating manual actually says some pretty interesting things.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu flips through the manual on top of the table.
Kurisu: “Like ’when walking down the street, be sure to put yourself between your date and the road’ or ’whatever you do, don’t make the girl pay for anything’. Okay! For your date tomorrow, make sure you follow all of these rules.”
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if I can really be that careful...
Kurisu: “And after that, there’s... carry a clean handkerchief. Spread it out when the girl goes to sit on a park bench.”
Rintaro: “I’m not her butler.”
Kurisu: “But that’s what the book says.”
Kurisu: “When it’s time to eat, avoid fast food of all kinds. Family restaurants are borderline acceptable. Anything else depends on your budget.”
Rintaro: “Family restaurants are borderline...”
UNSPOKEN: Where are the family restaurants in Akiba?
Kurisu: “Arrive at the meeting place at least 15 minutes early. Tardiness is unacceptable.”
Rintaro: “15 minutes early...”
Kurisu: “Then you just need to decide where to take her. Movies, art galleries, strolling through town, and food are all safe.”
Rintaro: “I see. It’s easier than I thought.”
Rintaro: “I was under the impression that a first date required going to a beautiful beach resort, exchanging your first kiss bathed in the light of the setting sun, and stuff like that.”
Kurisu: “Ah, that’s really romantic!”
Kurisu: “...I mean, that’s virgin imagination at full throttle. You’ve read too much manga.”
Rintaro: “You too.”
Kurisu: “Besides, your date’s a minor, so don’t even think about bringing her to a hotel, okay?”
Rintaro: “...What do you take me for?”
UNSPOKEN: That way lie... forbidden lusts.
UNSPOKEN: Not to mention, Lukako’s such an innocent girl. If I brought her to a hotel, she’d probably faint from shock.
Kurisu: “That just about covers it. Well? Was my lecture helpful?”
Rintaro: “You mean the manual’s lecture.”
UNSPOKEN: Anyway... strolling around town counts as a date, huh?
UNSPOKEN: In that case, I don’t have to waste money.
Faris: “Nyanya? Kyouma, are you going on a date, nya?”
UNSPOKEN: Faris comes to our table carrying drinks.
Faris: “Thanks for waiting! I’ll prepare your iced coffee, nyan♪”
UNSPOKEN: As usual, she pours in milk and syrup right in front of me.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu watches this with great interest. I guess this is her first time at a maid cafe.
Faris: “Is Mayushii the lucky girl, nya?”
UNSPOKEN: Faris winks at me playfully while stirring Kurisu’s iced coffee.
Rintaro: “Why would you think that?”
Faris: “Hmmya? Not her, nya? Then...”
UNSPOKEN: Faris looks at Kurisu.
Faris: “Is it her, nya?”
Kurisu: “Hwehh...!”
Rintaro: “No, she’s my assistant.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “What nonsense.”
UNSPOKEN: Well... I guess I did hug Faris.
UNSPOKEN: But that was on the 14th, so when I time leaped to the 12th, it was undone...
UNSPOKEN: I shake off a pang of loneliness and return to the conversation.
UNSPOKEN: The next day finds me strolling around Akiba with Lukako.
Luka: “So... where to next?”
UNSPOKEN: Event #1, lunch at a family restaurant, is already complete. I took care of the bill, and now we’re back out in the heat.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve got the entire day planned out in my head.
UNSPOKEN: The next event is...
Rintaro: “How about we take a walk around town?”
Luka: “Eh? Um, okay.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s Obon holiday, so Akiba is crowded.
UNSPOKEN: To avoid the crowds, we end up walking through the back streets.
UNSPOKEN: My plan is to walk with Lukako all the way to Ueno and back. That should be enough, right?
UNSPOKEN: I walk quickly.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe? Mayuri called. She was mad. You stood her up on your promise to go to ComiMa.”
Rintaro: “Christina. I need you to enter a number into the PhoneWave (name subject to change).”
Kurisu: “What? Explain yourself.”
Rintaro: “Please, just do it... I’m sending a D-Mail.”
UNSPOKEN: I hear a sigh on the other end of the phone.
Rintaro: “The number is...”
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Lukako’s mother’s pager number, with another string of numbers attached.
UNSPOKEN: “*2*2292983183129298318312929”
UNSPOKEN: MeatMeatVegVegMeatMeatVegVeg.
UNSPOKEN: When she sees this, Lukako’s mother will probably think it’s a prank.
UNSPOKEN: And then she’ll assume the D-Mail we sent earlier was also a prank.
UNSPOKEN: If that still doesn’t change the worldline, we can just try something else.
UNSPOKEN: Pagers in 1992 didn’t display the sender’s number. Lukako’s mother won’t know who sent it.
UNSPOKEN: I already told Kurisu the timer setting.
UNSPOKEN: Everything’s ready.
UNSPOKEN: I hang up once I confirm that the 42-inch CRT is on.
UNSPOKEN: Now I just need to call the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: Then the worldline will change.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe. It’s been three days. Will you at least eat something?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “You knew, didn’t you?”
Kurisu: “You knew that Mayuri would die.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Why don’t you time leap?”
Kurisu: “I was sure that you would do anything to save Mayuri, even use the Time Leap Machine.”
Kurisu: “What happened to your plan to change Urushibara-san’s gender and take back the IBN 5100?”
Kurisu: “You were so set on saving Mayuri. What are you still doing here?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Wait... did you already send the D-Mail? Did you already change worldlines?”
Kurisu: “If so, and you’re just a remnant Okabe left behind, then that means worldlines are parallel, and this line is doomed to continue without Mayuri...”
Rintaro: “...I didn’t send the D-Mail.”
UNSPOKEN: My voice is hoarse, perhaps because I haven’t spoken in three days.
Kurisu: “What do you mean?”
Rintaro: “...I couldn’t change Lukako back into a guy.”
Rintaro: “Instead... I chose to accept fate.”
UNSPOKEN: No... that makes it sound like I wasn’t responsible.
Rintaro: “I stood by... and let Mayuri die.”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I hear Kurisu gasp.
UNSPOKEN: Why did I confess?
UNSPOKEN: It’s not something I should confess so easily.
UNSPOKEN: It’s like admitting to murder.
UNSPOKEN: It should have been a secret between Lukako and me.
UNSPOKEN: And yet...
UNSPOKEN: Do I want to be blamed? Would that make me feel better?
UNSPOKEN: It hurts to live with this bottled-up guilt. At this point, I’d welcome condemnation.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu isn’t one to mince words. I’m sure she’ll tell me exactly what a worthless human being I am.
UNSPOKEN: However...
Kurisu: “...Will you eat?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu betrays my expectations.
Kurisu: “I can make cup noodles, if you like. Or should I go get something?”
Rintaro: “Say something. I killed Mayuri. Why won’t you blame me?”
Kurisu: “I suppose I could, but why? It looks like you’ve already blamed yourself enough.”
Kurisu: “Maybe we just don’t have the right to change the past after all.”
Kurisu: “Besides...”
Kurisu: “No one can blame you.”
Kurisu: “You’ve been fighting alone this whole time, one man disconnected from causality.”
Kurisu: “No one else can understand your pain.”
Kurisu: “No one else can understand the meaning of your choice.”
Kurisu: “There’s no way I can blame you, when I haven’t time leaped even once.”
Rintaro: “...How can you be so understanding?”
UNSPOKEN: I clutch my knees.
Kurisu: “I’m not. When you chose to save Mayuri with the Time Leap Machine, you must have known that no one would ever understand.”
Kurisu: “So accept what you’ve done.”
Kurisu: “Do that, and you’ll never forget the meaning of your choice.”
UNSPOKEN: So in other words, she’s telling me to suffer on my own.
UNSPOKEN: What a cruel woman.
Kurisu: “However...”
Kurisu: “You should also take responsibility for the girl you did save.”
Kurisu: “Mayuri is dead. It’s sad -- no, sad doesn’t even begin to describe it -- but Mayuri is gone.”
Kurisu: “You couldn’t change convergence. You couldn’t defy fate.”
Kurisu: “But she is still alive. Thanks to you, she’s still alive, as a girl.”
Kurisu: “And I think she’s suffering alone, just like you.”
Kurisu: “Aren’t you the only one who can understand her suffering? You’re her accomplice, remember?”
Rintaro: “Her accomplice...”
UNSPOKEN: I knew you would pull no punches, Makise Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako’s image floats through my mind.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Is there more tomorrow?”
Mayuri: “Yeah, and the day after, too.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri just got back from ComiMa 30 minutes ago. She and Kurisu, who stayed behind at the lab, have just finished eating cup noodles.
UNSPOKEN: It’s already past 8, and so far, nothing has happened.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is still alive.
UNSPOKEN: Going by the pattern, her death has probably been postponed until about this time tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: Is this the will of some higher being? God, fate, the universe itself?
UNSPOKEN: Or is it merely coincidence?
UNSPOKEN: That doesn’t matter now.
Mayuri: “Okeydokey! Mayushii’s got an early day tomorrow, so I’m going home.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a big stretch and starts getting ready to go home.
UNSPOKEN: She’s been up since five this morning. Looks like she plans to wake up early tomorrow, too.
UNSPOKEN: That reminds me. I haven’t seen Daru at all. He’s fighting in the ComiMa Holy War too, so that doesn’t surprise me. Busy checking his spoils, I guess.
Mayuri: “Hey guys, why don’t you come too?”
Rintaro: “I’ll pass, but my assistant looks like she wants to go.”
Kurisu: “What!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jumps up at my answer.
Kurisu: “Hey! Don’t put words in my mouth!”
Rintaro: “I saw your eyes sparkling while you listened to Mayuri’s cosplay stories.”
Kurisu: “Maybe, but nobody said anything about going.”
Mayuri: “Come on, Chris-chan!”
UNSPOKEN: I know that Kurisu is an @channeler, but is she an otaku?
UNSPOKEN: Not all @channelers are otaku, but she has often hinted at an interest in cosplay.
Kurisu: “No way. I’d suffocate in a crowd like that.”
Mayuri: “It’s not as crowded on day two! If you’re worried, come in the afternoon. All the popular stuff will be sold out, though.”
Kurisu: “You go, Okabe. You’re Mayuri’s guardian, aren’t you?”
Mayuri: “No, Mayushii is Okarin’s hostage!”
Kurisu: “Oh, right. That’s what it was.”
Kurisu: “Well you don’t want your hostage to escape, do you? Shouldn’t you take her along in handcuffs or something?”
Rintaro: “I’ve got business in Akiba.”
Kurisu: “What do you mean, business?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: The search for Kiryu Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: I already sent her an email -- “We need to talk.” -- and now I’m awaiting her reply.
UNSPOKEN: Something tells me it’s not going to work.
Kurisu: “No answer? I guess it was just an excuse.”
Rintaro: “Christina. We need to talk.”
Kurisu: “Again? Abrupt as usual.”
Rintaro: “Hm? What do you mean, again?”
Kurisu: “Nothing.”
Mayuri: “Whatcha gonna talk about?”
Mayuri: “You two have been really close lately, huh? You’re always talking together.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii really wants to join in your secret meetings and stuff.”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry. We’ve been talking about the Time Leap Machine. It would just be gibberish to you.”
UNSPOKEN: Not entirely accurate, but not a lie either.
Rintaro: “Besides, the purpose of this particular discussion is to convince Christina to attend ComiMa. Prepare for good news, Mayuri! Muhahaha!”
Mayuri: “Oh, great! Thanks, Okarin.”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waits in the lab as I take Kurisu outside.
Rintaro: “So, Christina.”
Kurisu: “I’m not going to ComiMa.”
Rintaro: “You said ’again’ just now. We’ve talked like this before, just the two of us?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You’re acting weird today. What’s going on?”
Rintaro: “Please. I need to know.”
Kurisu: “I mean, yeah. This is like the fifth time you’ve brought me outside to talk about the Time Leap Machine.”
Rintaro: “Have we talked about my time leaping?”
UNSPOKEN: For an instant, Kurisu opens her eyes wide in surprise.
UNSPOKEN: But then, she gives me an angry glare.
Kurisu: “You’re time leaping?”
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: “More than a dozen times already.”
Kurisu: “That many!? What the hell are you doing!?”
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... Looks like she doesn’t know anything about Lukako or my shifting between worldlines.
UNSPOKEN: But that’s only natural.
UNSPOKEN: So far, I’ve changed worldlines a total of three times. Let’s call the first worldline where Mayuri died “Alpha 1.”
UNSPOKEN: The worldline where Faris and I fought the Viral Attackers is Alpha 2.
UNSPOKEN: The worldline where I dated girl Lukako is Alpha 3.
UNSPOKEN: And now I’m on Alpha 4.
UNSPOKEN: From my perspective, Alpha 1, Alpha 2, and Alpha 3 were undone by my D-Mails.
UNSPOKEN: But for Kurisu and everyone else on Alpha 4, those worldlines were nothing but separate, intangible possibilities to begin with.
UNSPOKEN: I guess I have to explain everything again.
UNSPOKEN: I sigh heavily, then begin.
Kurisu: “...I think I get it.”
UNSPOKEN: After I’m done, Kurisu sighs and lightly pats my arm.
Kurisu: “Don’t wear yourself out.”
Rintaro: “It’s a disgrace to be comforted by my assistant.”
Kurisu: “Why are you always like that!? I’m even trying to be nice. You’re really full of yourself, you know?”
Rintaro: “I don’t need your sympathy. Everything that happened is my fault. I’m just getting what I deserve.”
Rintaro: “...Come to think of it, every time I explain this to you, I always end up hating myself in the end.”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry about me. Worry about Mayuri.”
Rintaro: “Mayuri will probably die tomorrow. I don’t know how it will happen.”
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri stays away from the lab, she can probably avoid running into Moeka and her men. It doesn’t matter, though. She’ll die all the same.
UNSPOKEN: All Alpha worldlines converge on her death. Escaping the attractor field is the only way to save her.
Rintaro: “Sorry about this, but I want you to be there when she dies tomorrow night.”
Kurisu: “That’s why you want me to go to ComiMa?”
Rintaro: “There’s nothing we can do to prevent her death. Just stay close and tell me when it happens.”
Rintaro: “Once I know, I’ll make the time leap.”
Kurisu: “I can’t believe there’s nothing we can do.”
Kurisu: “It just doesn’t feel real. But it’s the truth, isn’t it? I can see it in your eyes.”
Kurisu: “...Are you okay?”
Rintaro: “No. I still haven’t saved Mayu--”
Kurisu: “I know. That’s not what I meant.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu interrupts me.
Kurisu: “Are you okay?”
Rintaro: “I don’t follow.”
Kurisu: “You’re carrying an awful burden.”
UNSPOKEN: It’s rare for her to look so concerned for me.
Rintaro: “I told you not to worry about me. It’s Mayuri you need to worry about.”
Rintaro: “Tomorrow, I’m going to look for Moeka.”
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri doesn’t die tomorrow, I can postpone the time leap.
UNSPOKEN: If Mayuri does die tomorrow, I’ll return to the past no matter what.
Rintaro: “I wish there were some way that Mayuri wouldn’t have to suffer...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I don’t want to see Mayuri die either, you know.”
Rintaro: “I know how you feel, but you’re the only one I can ask.”
Kurisu: “Where did all this trust come from?”
Rintaro: “...You’re my assistant, after all.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu forces a laugh at my feeble attempt at a joke.
Kurisu: “You’re so full of yourself.”
UNSPOKEN: We have our plan.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu will go to her first ComiMa.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri will be so delighted when I tell her the news.
UNSPOKEN: I haven’t seen Mayuri all day.
UNSPOKEN: I want to be with her, of course, but that’s not possible.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka hasn’t replied, which means I have to find her myself.
UNSPOKEN: Unfortunately, I don’t know anything about her.
UNSPOKEN: My only clue is Arc Rewrite, the company Moeka supposedly worked at.
UNSPOKEN: I find it after a quick search online.
UNSPOKEN: Sure enough, their business is producing articles for PC magazines.
UNSPOKEN: Luckily, their office is in Akiba.
UNSPOKEN: I try calling first, but it goes to voice mail.
UNSPOKEN: I guess they’re still closed for the Obon holiday.
UNSPOKEN: Or maybe it’s just a bad time?
UNSPOKEN: Looks like I’ve got no choice but to visit them in person.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe! She’s... aah... why... I don’t...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is sobbing.
UNSPOKEN: So I know. Even without asking.
UNSPOKEN: She saw Mayuri die.
Kurisu: “She just... I saw it happen! She’s dead! Mayuri’s dead! This... this can’t be...”
Kurisu: “She s-suddenly collapsed. Why!? It doesn’t make sense. She’s not breathing. She won’t answer at all. Please, Mayuri!”
Kurisu: “Okabe, what should I... what do I do? Help! Please! Mayuri’s dead!”
Rintaro: “...I’m sorry for making you go through this.”
UNSPOKEN: With that, I hang up the phone.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe it’s because I didn’t see it happen, or maybe my heart has simply grown numb.
UNSPOKEN: But this time, I don’t feel much pain.
UNSPOKEN: I hate myself for it.
UNSPOKEN: I pound my fist against the table.
UNSPOKEN: My phone is ringing.
UNSPOKEN: There’s only one thing that can mean.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is dead.
UNSPOKEN: For all my wishful thinking, I never really doubted this was going to happen.
UNSPOKEN: There’s no need to confirm what I already know.
UNSPOKEN: Just as I thought, Mayuri is doomed to die on this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: Silently, I apologize to Kurisu for forcing her to watch it happen.
UNSPOKEN: As expected, the deadline is around 8 PM on the 16th.
UNSPOKEN: Unless I change the worldline before the time limit, Mayuri will die.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Finally.”
Kurisu: “Where are you?”
Rintaro: “Hello.”
UNSPOKEN: I stand up and move to the entrance, where I can take the call without letting Moeka out of my sight.
Kurisu: “Where are you?”
Rintaro: “...Sorry, I’m busy.”
Kurisu: “Is it woman? You’re with a woman, aren’t you?”
Rintaro: “Is that the first thing that comes to mind? You really are a mainstream girl.”
Kurisu: “Shut up.”
Kurisu: “You promised you’d help with the PhoneWave, remember? Or is your lab mem number just for show?”
Rintaro: “Get Daru to help. I can’t do it today.”
Kurisu: “...What are you doing? Where are you?”
Rintaro: “Kiryu Moeka’s apartment.”
Kurisu: “So you are with a woman. You’re the worst.”
UNSPOKEN: Has she not met Moeka on this worldline?
UNSPOKEN: I quickly give Kurisu a simplified version of the usual explanation.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu listens attentively, as she always does.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she’s more considerate than I give her credit for.
UNSPOKEN: As soon as I finish, Kurisu gives it to me straight.
Kurisu: “You have to take it from her by force.”
Rintaro: “You’ve seen too many Hollywood movies.”
Kurisu: “You’re up against an agent of SERN. Play nice and you could end up dead.”
Kurisu: “Don’t hesitate. Remember you’re doing this to save Mayuri.”
Kurisu: “I know you’re pretty weak and scrawny, but you should be able to handle her in her current state.”
UNSPOKEN: Gee, thanks. At least she’s not beating around the bush.
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, she lowers her voice.
Kurisu: “You might think I’m a monster for saying this... not that I care what you think, but...”
Kurisu: “Kill her if you have to.”
Rintaro: “You’re a monster.”
Rintaro: “But you’re not a hypocrite, and that’s what I love about you, Christina.”
Kurisu: “L-love!? Uh...”
UNSPOKEN: What’s the matter with her now?
Rintaro: “I mean it. I wish my conviction were as strong as yours.”
Kurisu: “...Well, thanks.”
Rintaro: “But that’s not all, right? There’s a reason you’re willing to suggest murder as an option. How did you reach that conclusion?”
Kurisu: “Good, you’re still thinking.”
Kurisu: “I can’t be certain whether your story is true, and I don’t quite understand this attractor field hypothesis.”
Kurisu: “But based on what you told me...”
Kurisu: “If this Kiryu woman commits suicide four days from now, then that means her death flag is already active.”
Kurisu: “In other words, this worldline has approved her death.”
Kurisu: “On previous worldlines where that wasn’t the case, you probably couldn’t have killed her even if you tried. Something would have happened to prevent it.”
Kurisu: “Or possibly, killing her would have caused a dramatic shift in worldline divergence.”
Kurisu: “But on this specific worldline, her death is already certain.”
Kurisu: “As you’ve experienced with Mayuri’s death, the result is what matters, not the process.”
Kurisu: “I believe the same applies to Kiryu. It doesn’t matter how she dies.”
UNSPOKEN: In other words, I can kill her instead of letting her commit suicide?
Rintaro: “She’s already going to die, so that makes it okay. That the kind of argument a murderer would make.”
Kurisu: “Don’t be a hypocrite. We’re not talking about right and wrong here, Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s unforgiving as always, but it actually feels nice to speak frankly like this.
Rintaro: “But what about the law? Even if fate forgives me, society won’t.”
Kurisu: “As long as you have the Time Leap Machine, you can undo anything, even murder.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Phew. Just remember one thing. You’re responsible for what you do.”
Kurisu: “...I guess that’s quite a thing for me to say, huh? After telling you to kill her.”
Rintaro: “It’s fine. Your advice was truly becoming of a mad scientist.”
Kurisu: “Get it done, Okabe. Bye.”
UNSPOKEN: She hangs up without another word.
UNSPOKEN: Strangely, I find Kurisu’s harsh tone encouraging.
Rintaro: “Who does she think she is, a general?”
UNSPOKEN: I manage a smirk as I close my phone.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s still sitting on the floor.
UNSPOKEN: “Kill her if you have to,” Kurisu said.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka did the same to us. She doesn’t deserve mercy.
UNSPOKEN: Kill her or let her live. It’s my choice, my responsibility.
UNSPOKEN: Even after I undo the murder, the memory of my crime will remain with me.
UNSPOKEN: That sin -- that guilt -- I’ll have to carry that weight. I mustn’t ever forget.
UNSPOKEN: That’s what Kurisu meant when she spoke of responsibility.
UNSPOKEN: Murder is unforgivable, no matter the circumstances.
UNSPOKEN: Can you understand that, Kiryu Moeka?
UNSPOKEN: I reach for Moeka’s phone. This time, there’s no hesitation.
Moeka: “N-no...!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Get ready for a D-Mail!”
Kurisu: “Okay, but what’s that noise!?”
Rintaro: “I’m having a little trouble here.”
Kurisu: “So you didn’t kill her. Good job!”
UNSPOKEN: I tell her Moeka’s address.
Kurisu: “It’s ready.”
Rintaro: “And Mayuri?”
Kurisu: “Still here. She’s at the Braun Tube Workshop trying to get the manager to turn on the CRT.”
Rintaro: “You didn’t tell her anything, did you?”
Kurisu: “About her death? Of course not.”
Rintaro: “Good. Don’t hang up yet.”
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone down and resume typing into Moeka’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: A middle aged lady comes out of the apartment next door.
UNSPOKEN: Our eyes meet, so I put on a forced smile.
UNSPOKEN: The lady grins mockingly before going back inside.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder what she was thinking. Maybe she thought it was a lover’s quarrel.
UNSPOKEN: In the mail, I write “Model changeDo it now!!!B4 sold out!”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s D-Mail said “Don’t change models.”
UNSPOKEN: The desire for limited edition, hard-to-find products is hard-coded into Japanese DNA. Appealing to that instinct should work.
UNSPOKEN: The insistent pounding on the door grows louder.
UNSPOKEN: And now I hear groaning from the other side.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t believe how persistent she is. Is her phone really that important to her?
UNSPOKEN: But I’ve already won.
UNSPOKEN: All I have to do is send the D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll never forgive you, Moeka, but at least our relationship ends here.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Did you send it?”
Rintaro: “Yes. Did it work!?”
Kurisu: “The discharge is occurring as normal.”
Rintaro: “So it worked, right?”
Kurisu: “Definitely.”
Rintaro: “The worldline didn’t change!”
Kurisu: “You mean it failed? Why?”
UNSPOKEN: Consider the possibilities.
Rintaro: “Maybe the message wasn’t enough to persuade Moeka to change models.”
Kurisu: “Could we have sent it to the wrong date?”
Rintaro: “It’s July 31st. I’m sure of it.”
Kurisu: “Check when the original D-Mail arrived. Maybe her reaction will change if the new one arrives just after that.”
Rintaro: “What a pain!”
UNSPOKEN: The pounding on the door has ceased.
UNSPOKEN: Did she finally give up?
UNSPOKEN: No, she wouldn’t give up.
UNSPOKEN: Does she plan to climb out the window and loop around?
UNSPOKEN: But we’re on the second floor. That would be quite a feat.
UNSPOKEN: I should still have some time left.
Kurisu: “Try sending different messages.”
Kurisu: “If that doesn’t work, I’ll adjust the timer.”
Rintaro: “You’re a lifesaver. What’s going on there? Is Mister Braun freaking out?”
Kurisu: “I can hear him shouting from below. Hashida and Mayuri are trying to calm him down, but who knows how long that’ll last.”
Kurisu: “I don’t think there’s much time left.”
UNSPOKEN: I put my phone into my pocket without hanging up.
UNSPOKEN: I change the message and send another D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: ...But still, nothing happens.
UNSPOKEN: I make another one. Send.
UNSPOKEN: ...No good.
UNSPOKEN: Why? What am I doing wrong?
UNSPOKEN: I’d like to ask Moeka, but if I go back inside now, she’ll probably just attack me.
UNSPOKEN: Which reminds me, she’s been awfully quiet. What is she doing now?
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she really did go out the window.
UNSPOKEN: I look around. I don’t see her anywhere.
UNSPOKEN: Think. Why didn’t the D-Mail work?
UNSPOKEN: I wipe the sweat from my brow. My entire body is soaked. It must be the adrenaline.
UNSPOKEN: What if Moeka changed addresses when she got a new phone?
UNSPOKEN: I take out my phone.
Rintaro: “Are you there?”
Kurisu: “Still not working?”
Rintaro: “I tried two more times, but nothing.”
UNSPOKEN: I frantically consider my options as I stare hard at Moeka’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: The walkway is dim, but Moeka’s gaudy purple phone shines in the faint light.
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Wait.
UNSPOKEN: I take another good look at the phone.
UNSPOKEN: There’s something wrong here.
UNSPOKEN: What is it?
Kurisu: “Okabe? What’s wrong?”
UNSPOKEN: Gaudy purple.
UNSPOKEN: Latest model.
UNSPOKEN: Removable LCD screen.
UNSPOKEN: Model number GG01.
UNSPOKEN: My eyes tell me there’s nothing wrong.
UNSPOKEN: I saw this phone when Moeka sent her D-Mail, and many times before. She was never without it.
UNSPOKEN: It’s the same. Nothing has changed.
Rintaro: “Nothing... changed?”
Kurisu: “Huh? What hasn’t changed?”
UNSPOKEN: Why hasn’t it changed?
UNSPOKEN: Why is it the same as before Moeka sent her D-Mail?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s D-Mail said “don’t change models.” She should have had a different phone when she sent it.
UNSPOKEN: But she didn’t. It was the same phone I’m holding right now.
UNSPOKEN: There’s only one explanation. She never changed models to begin with.
Rintaro: “No way...”
UNSPOKEN: She lied to me!
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s D-Mail wasn’t about her phone!
UNSPOKEN: That explains how it affected the IBN 5100. It also explains why my cancellation D-Mails aren’t working.
Rintaro: “That sneaky little...!”
UNSPOKEN: The door violently shakes behind my back.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe! Okabe!? Answer me!”
Rintaro: “...Christina.”
Kurisu: “What’s that pounding? Are you okay?”
Rintaro: “Moeka’s D-Mail wasn’t about a model exchange.”
Kurisu: “What do you mean!?”
Rintaro: “She must have changed the text right before we sent it. That’s why the cancellation mails aren’t working.”
Kurisu: “Did you check her history? It might still be there.”
Rintaro: “Her arrival history...”
UNSPOKEN: Of course! Even if it’s not in her sent history, it should still be in the arrival history.
UNSPOKEN: I glare at the purple phone in my hand.
UNSPOKEN: It’s a good thing Moeka didn’t change phones. Now I know exactly where the D-Mail went.
Rintaro: “I should have thought of that. Checking now!”
UNSPOKEN: For a second there, I thought it would be easy. I should have known better.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka is not a casual phone user.
UNSPOKEN: Her mailbox has literally hundreds of entries over the last week, almost all from FB.
UNSPOKEN: Some of my mails are sprinkled in.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t have time to search through each of these mails, even just the subject lines.
UNSPOKEN: Not to mention the pounding on the door is freaking me out.
Rintaro: “...Christina, I seem to be in a spot of trouble. If I fail, I’m leaving the rest to you.”
Kurisu: “Don’t be ridiculous! If you’re in trouble, then get out of--”
UNSPOKEN: I hang up.
UNSPOKEN: The lady next door comes out again, alarmed by the escalating noise.
UNSPOKEN: She glares at me.
UNSPOKEN: But when she sees the magnitude of the door’s damage, the lady opens her eyes in shock and runs back inside.
UNSPOKEN: I’m not leaning against the door anymore. Moeka could just open it, but she hasn’t realized that. She’s so fixated on getting her phone back, she’d destroy her own door.
UNSPOKEN: In any case, I don’t have time to check her mail history.
UNSPOKEN: I put the phones into my pockets and move to the side of the door.
UNSPOKEN: I carefully grip the doorknob and wait for the interval between bangs.
UNSPOKEN: Now.
UNSPOKEN: I yank the door open.
UNSPOKEN: A coffee table flies out and smashes into the walkway railing.
Moeka: “Okabeeeee!”
UNSPOKEN: Her screech raises hairs all over my body.
UNSPOKEN: She’s standing in the entrance like a revenant at the gates of hell.
UNSPOKEN: I step back.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe!?”
Rintaro: “You at the lab?”
Kurisu: “Haah... don’t worry me like that... idiot...”
Rintaro: “What, were you worried about me?”
Kurisu: “I-I mean, you set off an obvious death flag. I’m surprised you’re still alive!”
Rintaro: “Where are you now?”
Kurisu: “I’m standing by at the lab.”
Rintaro: “Set up the machine. I’m sending another D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “Destination?”
Rintaro: “...July 31st, 11 AM.”
Kurisu: “11 AM on the 31st...”
UNSPOKEN: While Kurisu calculates the hours, I type the mail.
UNSPOKEN: It says “Do NOT go!! ” “Not @shrine!” “It’s a trap!”
UNSPOKEN: I address the mail to the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: “Okay, all set.”
Rintaro: “Alright, activate it.”
Kurisu: “Activated.”
UNSPOKEN: I press the send button.
UNSPOKEN: The mail starts sending.
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Reading Steiner should activate. This time for sure.
UNSPOKEN: I brace myself for the incoming vertigo.
Kurisu: “...Well?”
Rintaro: “Nothing. Why won’t it change!?”
Kurisu: “Another mistake?”
Rintaro: “No, there’s no way! I know what Moeka’s message said. This D-Mail should have canceled it.”
UNSPOKEN: Why isn’t it working?
UNSPOKEN: What the hell’s wrong this time?
Kurisu: “What did the first D-Mail say?”
Rintaro: “That the IBN 5100 was at Yanabayashi Shrine. I tried to cancel it by telling her it’s a trap, but it didn’t work.”
Rintaro: “I’ll try to phrase it differently.”
Kurisu: “Wait. We went through this with the LOTO SIX experiment, remember?”
UNSPOKEN: The LOTO SIX experiment...
UNSPOKEN: I sent myself the winning numbers, but the past me didn’t buy the ticket. Instead, he gave the winning numbers to Lukako.
Kurisu: “The person who reads the D-Mail chooses whether or not to act accordingly.”
Kurisu: “Kiryu learned that the IBN 5100 was at the shrine. Though the cancellation mail came right afterward, I guess she ignored it and went anyway.”
Rintaro: “Maybe she didn’t believe the cancellation mail. Or maybe she was so diligent she decided to check it out even when told not to.”
UNSPOKEN: I glance at Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: She’s still hanging her head, but her tears have run dry.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if she’s listening.
Kurisu: “Damn. Even when told it was too risky to go to the shrine, she went anyway...”
Rintaro: “We need a more persuasive message. Something that will prevent her from going to the shrine.”
Kurisu: “Like what?”
UNSPOKEN: That’s the problem.
UNSPOKEN: Is it possible to persuade her with just 36 bytes of text?
UNSPOKEN: Or should we consider other possibilities?
Rintaro: “What if I send a D-Mail to myself on July 30th? Could I beat her to the IBN 5100?”
Kurisu: “Were you even interested in the IBN 5100 then?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: When did I start caring about the IBN 5100?
UNSPOKEN: I can’t remember.
UNSPOKEN: Fine. That’s out. So how do I convince Moeka to listen?
UNSPOKEN: At that moment, an electric shock runs through my brain.
UNSPOKEN: Two initials.
Rintaro: “...FB.”
Kurisu: “What?”
Rintaro: “Moeka’s handler. She’s obsessed with FB. If the mail comes from FB, she’ll do whatever it says.”
Kurisu: “Do you have FB’s phone?”
Rintaro: “No. They haven’t even met. We don’t know where FB is.”
Kurisu: “Then there’s nothing we can do.”
Rintaro: “...Give me a little time.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Looks like we’re searching for FB now.”
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka grips her phone. But she doesn’t look at the screen.
UNSPOKEN: I sigh deeply.
UNSPOKEN: I need to get as much information on FB out of her as I can.
Rintaro: “How exactly did you become a Rounder?”
UNSPOKEN: Honestly, I couldn’t care less.
UNSPOKEN: I hate having to stand here and talk with the woman who killed Mayuri.
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Hugging her phone to her chest, Moeka retrieves her glasses and puts them back on.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs when she sees me.
Kurisu: “I thought I asked you to keep me posted.”
Rintaro: “I’ve been busy.”
Kurisu: “Busy. Right.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka.
Rintaro: “Were you worried about me?”
Kurisu: “O-of course not! Why should I care what you’re up to?”
Kurisu: “It’s just... Mayuri was really worried. I don’t want to see her sad.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “So at least give her a call, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Now that she mentions it, it feels like I haven’t talked to Mayuri in forever.
Rintaro: “I’m doing this to save Mayuri.”
Rintaro: “I’m close to discovering our true enemy.”
Kurisu: “Our enemy? But...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka again.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka is completely expressionless. She’s lightly kicking the dirt in boredom.
UNSPOKEN: She hasn’t used her phone once since we began the search for FB.
Kurisu: “Isn’t she our enemy?”
Rintaro: “She is an enemy, but we’re cooperating in order to uncover the truth.”
Kurisu: “Isn’t she the one who... killed Mayuri?”
Rintaro: “...Yes.”
UNSPOKEN: However, Moeka’s just a pawn, and one that no longer poses a threat.
UNSPOKEN: To save Mayuri, I need to capture the king. Well, the king’s cellphone.
Kurisu: “Whatever. So where are you going now? Take me with you.”
Rintaro: “Have you gone mad, assistant mine?”
Kurisu: “I’m perfectly sane, and I’m not your assistant.”
Rintaro: “It could be dangerous.”
Kurisu: “Eh...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu falters for a moment, but quickly tightens her expression.
Kurisu: “Do I die today?”
UNSPOKEN: I’ve experienced the future, so I know who dies today.
Rintaro: “No. You don’t die.”
Kurisu: “Then there’s no problem. This worldline has essentially guaranteed my survival.”
UNSPOKEN: Right. Kurisu doesn’t die today. Neither does Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: The only person who dies today is...
UNSPOKEN: Kiryu Moeka.
UNSPOKEN: This afternoon, she kills herself.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve already told Moeka her fate.
UNSPOKEN: But in spite of that, Moeka doesn’t seem upset -- at least on the surface. She’s expressionless as always. The only difference is that she’s not checking her phone as often.
UNSPOKEN: But Moeka’s not a strong woman.
UNSPOKEN: Beneath that expressionless mask, is she struggling against the fear of death?
UNSPOKEN: I decide to confront Tennouji directly.
UNSPOKEN: I have Kurisu stand guard outside the house while Moeka and I go inside.
UNSPOKEN: Not that we’re planning to break in. We ring the doorbell like honest citizens.
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji soon opens the door and invites us into the living room.
UNSPOKEN: The divergence meter is sitting in its usual spot. I glance at the numbers.
UNSPOKEN: 0.523307%.
UNSPOKEN: There’s still a long way to go before I reach one percent. How much more of this can I take?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...So the manager was FB.”
UNSPOKEN: First, we take Moeka back to her apartment. There, I explain to Kurisu what happened.
Moeka: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka didn’t say a word on the way back. Now she’s sitting on the floor by the entrance, staring off into space.
UNSPOKEN: It must have been quite a shock to hear Tennouji’s -- FB’s -- confession.
UNSPOKEN: The one person she trusted betrayed her. She may never recover.
UNSPOKEN: But were Tennouji’s actions really a betrayal?
UNSPOKEN: I’m not quite convinced. Something felt off back there.
UNSPOKEN: Rounders who complete their mission are eliminated. No exceptions.
UNSPOKEN: That’s what FB said.
UNSPOKEN: But in that case, why wasn’t Moeka killed?
Rintaro: “Hey, Moeka...”
Rintaro: “It’s possible... that FB did what he did so you could live.”
Rintaro: “Maybe he didn’t abandon you.”
Rintaro: “Maybe, by pushing you away, he was trying to keep you safe.”
Moeka: “...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...Yeah. You’re right.”
UNSPOKEN: FB’s phone is in my possession. There’s no longer any reason to stay on this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: It’s only a matter of time until the police come looking for us. I should send the D-Mail immediately.
UNSPOKEN: When I do, the present will be reconstructed.
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji will still be alive. Moeka will still be in contact with FB.
UNSPOKEN: And at last, the IBN 5100 will return to me.
UNSPOKEN: I just need to think about saving Mayuri, and all will be well.
Rintaro: “Do you think Daru’s still in the lab?”
Kurisu: “I’ll try calling.”
UNSPOKEN: I’ll send the same message I tried to send earlier from Moeka’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: Only this time, it will be from FB’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: When Moeka sees it, she’ll believe it to be an order from FB. Knowing her dependence on FB, she’ll obey without question.
UNSPOKEN: It makes me sick to be taking advantage of Moeka’s vulnerabilities like this.
UNSPOKEN: How am I any different from FB?
Kurisu: “He said he’ll be there in five minutes.”
UNSPOKEN: So we just wait until then.
Kurisu: “By the way, something weird happened back there.”
UNSPOKEN: After closing her phone, Kurisu glances at Moeka and lowers her voice.
Kurisu: “While I was waiting outside, I heard a gunshot.”
Kurisu: “And right after that... I saw her.”
Rintaro: “Her... who?”
UNSPOKEN: I ask, even though I already know the answer.
UNSPOKEN: There’s only one person it could be.
Kurisu: “Nae-chan.”
Kurisu: “She ran out the back door.”
Kurisu: “When I called her to stop... our eyes met.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bites her lip, as if fighting an unpleasant memory.
UNSPOKEN: It happened right after she heard the gunshot.
UNSPOKEN: If that’s true, then Nae saw her father die.
UNSPOKEN: She saw her father die... and ran away.
Rintaro & Kurisu: ”Wha!?”
UNSPOKEN: There’s a knock on the door.
UNSPOKEN: Someone’s here.
UNSPOKEN: Who?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka, who had been squatting by the entrance, slowly lifts her head.
UNSPOKEN: This is wrong.
UNSPOKEN: The timing’s too perfect.
UNSPOKEN: Today, Kiryu Moeka dies. This worldline has already approved that fate.
UNSPOKEN: Has it come for her already?
UNSPOKEN: Moeka reaches for the doorknob.
Rintaro: “Wait! Don’t--”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “Wh-what the hell was that? A demon? Was she possessed?”
UNSPOKEN: My entire body is shaking. I have to struggle just to move a finger.
Rintaro: “W-what about Moeka!?”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s clothes are soaked in blood. There’s a gaping wound in her abdomen where Nae stabbed her.
Kurisu: “Calm down!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu yells for me to come to my senses, and then she takes out her phone.
Kurisu: “Check on Kiryu-san! I’ll call an ambulance.”
Kurisu: “No, wait! Before that...”
Kurisu: “Maybe you should just send the D-Mail.”
UNSPOKEN: Even now, Kurisu is calm.
UNSPOKEN: I feel an irrational surge of anger at her composure, but I know that she’s right.
UNSPOKEN: Once I send the D-Mail, this worldline will be undone.
UNSPOKEN: I know that, but still I run to Moeka’s side.
UNSPOKEN: When I lift her up in my arms, I see that her chest is already covered in blood.
Rintaro: “Moeka!”
UNSPOKEN: She’s my enemy.
Rintaro: “Hang in there!”
UNSPOKEN: She killed Mayuri.
Rintaro: “Can you hear me!? Moeka!”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t understand her.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t forgive her.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, I can’t help but call her name.
UNSPOKEN: Because in a sense, she’s a victim too.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka slowly opens her eyes.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu calls to me in a weak voice.
Kurisu: “I think you should send the D-Mail.”
Kurisu: “Everything’s ready at the lab.”
Rintaro: “Yeah...”
UNSPOKEN: Moeka and FB are gone, but Mayuri’s fate remains unchanged.
UNSPOKEN: The universe still demands her death.
Rintaro: “Hey, Christina.”
Rintaro: “When I send the D-Mail and change divergence, do you think Moeka’s fate will change?”
Kurisu: “Based on the attractor field model you spoke of...”
Kurisu: “She’ll be more likely to live if divergence exceeds 1%.”
Kurisu: “...Sorry. I wish I knew what to say.”
Rintaro: “Don’t worry about it.”
UNSPOKEN: I stand up.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka’s blood clings to my hands.
UNSPOKEN: It won’t come off, even when I wipe it with a tissue.
UNSPOKEN: I stop trying and take out FB’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: I nod to Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: She calls Daru and tells him to activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
UNSPOKEN: I take one last look at Moeka’s body lying there.
UNSPOKEN: Causality is a strange and terrifying thing.
UNSPOKEN: At the beginning of all this, Moeka killed Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: But now Moeka lies dead, while Mayuri still lives.
UNSPOKEN: All because I changed the past.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka. If you’re going to apologize for a sin you didn’t commit, then I must apologize as well.
UNSPOKEN: I am responsible for twisting your fate.
UNSPOKEN: ...And for twisting the fate of Tennouji Nae.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Okabe?”
Rintaro: “Wasn’t there something strange about that girl?”
Kurisu: “That girl... you mean Nae-chan?”
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Kurisu: “...She was like a different person.”
Rintaro: “What did she mean, she’ll kill me in fifteen years?”
UNSPOKEN: It bothers me.
UNSPOKEN: Does she know something?
UNSPOKEN: What was she implying?
Kurisu: “Don’t worry about it, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “Send the D-Mail right now. That’ll solve everything.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I put FB’s phone in my pocket.
Rintaro: “I can’t pretend I didn’t see that.”
UNSPOKEN: Nae’s crime is partly my responsibility.
UNSPOKEN: And I need to know what she meant when she promised to kill me fifteen years from now.
Rintaro: “I’m time leaping. Back to the lab.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, but I pretend not to hear it.
Kurisu: “Our enemy? But...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at Moeka, then whispers into my ear.
Kurisu: “Isn’t she our enemy?”
Rintaro: “...It’s about 7 AM, right?”
Kurisu: “Huh?”
Kurisu: “Well, yeah, but where did that question come from?”
UNSPOKEN: After time leaping four hours back, I find myself in front of the station.
UNSPOKEN: This is right after Moeka and I met up with Kurisu after returning from Narita Airport.
UNSPOKEN: After this comes the Tennouji residence.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka is standing a few meters away, kicking the dirt in boredom.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka was dead just a few minutes ago, but now she’s perfectly fine.
UNSPOKEN: I feel no surprise. I suppose I’ve grown accustomed to this particular facet of time travel.
UNSPOKEN: After all, I’ve seen Mayuri come back to life countless times already.
UNSPOKEN: There is one other thing experience has taught me.
UNSPOKEN: Today, Moeka and Tennouji will die, and there’s nothing we can do to stop it.
UNSPOKEN: I know it’s cruel, but I didn’t come back here to save them.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t have the means to, and it isn’t my problem.
UNSPOKEN: The problem is Nae.
UNSPOKEN: We arrive in front of Tennouji’s house, just like we did before I time leaped.
UNSPOKEN: But this time, I wait outside with Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Moeka enters alone, expressionless as ever.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Wait!”
UNSPOKEN: Nae looks over her shoulder.
UNSPOKEN: She spears me with eyes full of hatred.
UNSPOKEN: That alone is enough to make me shiver.
UNSPOKEN: It’s pitiful, but a tiny little girl is making me nervous.
UNSPOKEN: Something is very wrong here.
UNSPOKEN: This Nae is like a completely different person.
UNSPOKEN: I want to know her true identity.
UNSPOKEN: That’s why I time leaped instead of sending the D-Mail.
UNSPOKEN: Nae is still running, ignoring my calls to stop.
UNSPOKEN: I run after her.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Okabe!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu runs up to me.
UNSPOKEN: She turns pale at the sight of my bleeding arm.
Kurisu: “What happened!? Are you okay!?”
UNSPOKEN: She kneels in front of me. Worry is etched on her face.
Rintaro: “The phone...”
Kurisu: “I brought it, but...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hands me FB’s phone.
UNSPOKEN: I take it and start typing out the mail with my left hand.
Kurisu: “Hey, tell me what happened, will you!?”
Kurisu: “Should I call an ambulance!?”
Rintaro: “Calm down...”
Rintaro: “I’m gonna send the D-Mail now.”
Kurisu: “R-right. If the worldline changes, then this wound will go away.”
UNSPOKEN: Yes, but who cares about my wound?
UNSPOKEN: Tennouji’s death, Moeka’s death, and the damage to Nae’s soul will all be undone.
UNSPOKEN: That’s what matters.
UNSPOKEN: I finish the mail and take a breath.
Rintaro: “Hey... why do you think Tennouji didn’t kill Moeka?”
Kurisu: “What do you mean?”
UNSPOKEN: Any Rounder who finds an IBN 5100 is silenced. No exceptions.
UNSPOKEN: That’s what Tennouji said.
UNSPOKEN: In that case, the one who should have been eliminated first was Moeka. She found the IBN 5100 in the first place.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, Tennouji cut contact with her instead.
UNSPOKEN: And when we exposed his true identity, he shot himself, not Moeka.
Rintaro: “I think... I think he wanted to save Moeka.”
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps that’s just wishful thinking.
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps I’m just looking for an ounce of comfort in all this suffering.
UNSPOKEN: Even if that was Tennouji’s intention, it was meaningless. Moeka will die today. Whether by her own hand or Nae’s, it doesn’t matter.
UNSPOKEN: However...
Rintaro: “I hope it works out on the Beta worldline.”
UNSPOKEN: They are the enemy.
UNSPOKEN: I should hate them for killing Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: But in some sense, Tennouji, Moeka, and Nae are all just victims of my foolish experiments.
UNSPOKEN: I pray that they can live normal lives, at least on the Beta worldline.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Huh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu pauses her @channel browsing session to look at me in confusion.
Kurisu: “Moeka-san’s apartment? Never.”
Rintaro: “Oh, okay.”
Kurisu: “Why do you ask?”
Rintaro: “It doesn’t matter. Just wondering.”
UNSPOKEN: I cut across the lounge and head straight for the development room.
UNSPOKEN: In the middle of that room sits the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: After a glance at the Time Leap Machine, I scan the shelves.
Rintaro: “It’s here!”
UNSPOKEN: A large, familiar cardboard box.
UNSPOKEN: I was right.
UNSPOKEN: Inside the box is the IBN 5100, the legendary retro PC stolen from me by a twist of fate.
UNSPOKEN: At last, it has returned!
UNSPOKEN: The long battle is finally over.
UNSPOKEN: I did it.
UNSPOKEN: We can save Mayuri!
Rintaro: “Daru! Daru! Where’s my super hacka!?”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t contain my excitement.
UNSPOKEN: My heart is beating like a jackhammer.
Kurisu: “Uh, he’s not here.”
Kurisu: “He went to ComiMa, remember?”
UNSPOKEN: Oh... right.
UNSPOKEN: In that case, he won’t return until evening.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t wait that long.
UNSPOKEN: So I fire up the time machine and leap.
UNSPOKEN: As shape and color return to the world, I see Daru in front of his computer, sleepily playing an eroge.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s napping on the sofa. She probably just got done with her all-nighter on the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s not around. She probably went to Lukako’s to beg him to cosplay.
Rintaro: “Daru! Christina!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jerks awake.
Rintaro: “It’s time for the final phase of Operation Verthandi!”
UNSPOKEN: My sonorous declaration earns only blank stares.
UNSPOKEN: Why are they so slow?
Rintaro: “The IBN 5100, Daru!”
Itaru: “...Yeah?”
Rintaro: “Listen to me, man! We have an IBN 5100!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Let me sleep, for crying out loud.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu rubs her eyes and complains. She looks dead tired.
Kurisu: “I was up all night.”
Rintaro: “A question, Daru. Have you researched how to use the IBN 5100?”
Itaru: “Huh? Well, yeah, I guess.”
Itaru: “Can you believe I did it while preparing for ComiMa? I’m like a saint or something. They’d knight me for this in England.”
Rintaro: “Then we shall call you Sir Super Hacka!”
Itaru: “Hell no.”
Kurisu: “Will you guys shut up? You’re giving me a headache.”
UNSPOKEN: If Daru knows how to use the IBN 5100, then we can hack SERN right now!
Rintaro: “Hear me, lab mems!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri’s not here, but that’s actually more convenient.
Rintaro: “Our long struggle has at last reached its climax! Ragnarok is at hand!”
Rintaro: “Now we must deliver the decisive blow. With the power of the IBN 5100, we shall crack SERN’s most secure database and destroy it from the inside!”
Rintaro: “Through the cowardly apparatus known as Echelon, the enemy has acquired precious intelligence on our activities. Now they plot to steal our sacred time machine, upon which rest the hopes and dreams of all mankind!”
Rintaro: “Beneath its scholarly trappings, SERN is a hive of scum and villainy, of men who would sacrifice innocent souls in their quest to rule all space and time. But now we are poised to crush them with the Hammer of Justice!”
Rintaro: “And when we do, they will know once and for all by whose hand the wheel of fate truly turns!”
Rintaro: ”When the sun sets upon the battlefield, the foul System that rules the world will crumble! And from the flames, a new age will rise! An age of glorious, unfettered Chaos!”
Kurisu: “Argh! Shut up!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gets fed up and rises from the sofa.
Kurisu: “What are you talking about!?”
Itaru: “Nobody can know the darkness in Okarin’s heart...”
Kurisu: “First, get your character straight! What kind of mad scientist talks about the Hammer of Justice?”
Itaru: “I guess he just got caught up in the heat of the moment. Maybe he regrets it now.”
Rintaro: “Come on, guys! Stop complaining and get ready!”
Itaru: “Get ready?”
Rintaro: “To crack SERN! Weren’t you listening?”
Kurisu: “Uh, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Rintaro: “When did you become a goody two shoes? Where’s your ambition!?”
Kurisu: “Are you trying to get us arrested?”
Rintaro: “That’s not the problem!”
UNSPOKEN: I fight the urge to grind my teeth.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, I fix Kurisu with my stare.
Rintaro: “It’s taken me so long -- so long -- just to reach this point!”
Rintaro: “This is my chance to escape the Alpha worldline and save Mayuri. I won’t let anyone get in my way. Anyone!”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Itaru: “W-why so serious, man?”
UNSPOKEN: I’ve got good reason.
UNSPOKEN: To them, only half an hour has passed since the Time Leap Machine was built.
UNSPOKEN: But to me, many days have passed since this ordeal began.
Rintaro: “Please!”
UNSPOKEN: I bow my head deeply.
Rintaro: “Please, hear me out.”
UNSPOKEN: Or else Mayuri will die, and in 26 years, the world will be ruled by SERN.
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha’s sacrifice will have been for nothing.
UNSPOKEN: Daru claps me on the shoulder, then smiles broadly and thrusts his thumb skyward.
Itaru: “I-it’s not like I’m cracking for you or anything, okay!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Fascinating.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu mutters as she sips her hot coffee.
UNSPOKEN: It looks like she’s already recovered from her exhaustion.
Itaru: “You believe him, Makise-shi?”
Kurisu: “In theory. I’d like to see objective data, but that’s obviously impossible.”
Rintaro: “Relax. Your Time Leap Machine worked perfectly.”
Kurisu: “O-of course it did.”
UNSPOKEN: She doesn’t deny it. That’s just like Kurisu.
Kurisu: “Besides, we were already planning to crack SERN’s database, weren’t we?”
Kurisu: “Fine. Let’s see what’s in there. If the mail data exists, then it’s proof that what you said is true.”
Itaru: “So what you’re saying is, ’don’t think, feel.’ Got it.”
Kurisu: “Uh, you lost me.”
Rintaro: “What he meant to say was, ’don’t think, do.’”
UNSPOKEN: Daru extracts his massive body from the space behind the desk, plops himself down on the chair, and wipes away his sweat.
Itaru: “Done bridging them. I need to tinker with the settings a little, but we should be up and running in about ten minutes.”
Rintaro: “Alright.”
Kurisu: “So the first D-Mail started everything...”
Kurisu: “Was that the one you showed me at ATF?”
Kurisu: “The one that said I died or something.”
Rintaro: “Right. I found you dead at Radi-Kan and sent Daru an email. Daru happened to be experimenting on the PhoneWave (name subject to change) at the time, so the discharge phenomenon occurred and the mail... was...”
UNSPOKEN: My voice trails off.
UNSPOKEN: Something is telling me to stop.
UNSPOKEN: Fear rises in my chest, a sudden, terrible certainty that I am missing something vital.
UNSPOKEN: I frantically replay the conversation in my head.
UNSPOKEN: “We must cancel all of our changes to the timeline so far.”
UNSPOKEN: “The very first D-Mail started it all.”
UNSPOKEN: “The one that said I died or something.”
UNSPOKEN: “Return to the worldline that existed before I sent the first D-Mail.”
Rintaro: “...!”
UNSPOKEN: An icy fist seizes my heart, and I turn to Kurisu with a look of pure terror.
UNSPOKEN: Our eyes meet.
UNSPOKEN: Those eyes of hers no longer show the sharp defiance from when we first met.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, they glow warmly with the light of curiosity.
Kurisu: “What?”
UNSPOKEN: I was right. I had missed something vital... something dire.
UNSPOKEN: The worldline I set my sights on to save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: The worldline upon which Suzuha staked her hope for the future.
UNSPOKEN: The worldline I am at last poised to reach at the end of this long struggle.
UNSPOKEN: On that worldline, Mayuri lives.
UNSPOKEN: On that worldline, SERN fails.
UNSPOKEN: I thought that I had found the solution, that everything would be alright.
UNSPOKEN: But the equation was meaningless. I had solved nothing.
UNSPOKEN: Instead, I am left with a terrible choice.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: Or Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: One of them must die.
UNSPOKEN: Radi-Kan is still off limits.
UNSPOKEN: They haven’t yet repaired the hole that Suzuha’s time machine made.
UNSPOKEN: I look down through the hole at the streets of Akiba.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...Nothing.”
Rintaro: “How did you know I was here?”
Kurisu: “You said you wanted to be alone. I ran the numbers and concluded that I had the greatest probability of finding you here.”
Rintaro: “Then leave me alone. You don’t have to look for me. I’m not a lost little boy.”
Kurisu: “H-hey! Is that how you treat someone who’s worried about you?”
Kurisu: “N-not that I’m worried about you or anything!”
UNSPOKEN: Right after she gets herself flustered, Kurisu sighs and puts on a serious expression.
Kurisu: “I was going to leave you alone at first.”
Kurisu: “But you’ve been acting weird the last couple days. I mean, you’re always weird, but more than usual.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “You look like a kid forced to eat crappy oatmeal. What happened?”
Rintaro: “Nothing...”
Kurisu: “Then why did you cancel the cracking of SERN?”
Rintaro: “You’re the one who said we shouldn’t.”
Kurisu: “Oh, so you’re afraid of triggering arrest flags. I get it.”
Rintaro: “You should praise me for obeying the law for a change.”
Kurisu: “That’s not like you at all. What happened to your ego? What happened to the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyo--”
Rintaro: “To hell with my ego!”
Kurisu: “...!”
Rintaro: “This time, it’s not that simple.”
UNSPOKEN: I have forced my ego on others before. Suzuha, Faris, Lukako... I sacrificed their dreams for the sake of my goal.
UNSPOKEN: I justified it by telling myself that it was necessary to save Mayuri. I weighed their suffering against the alternative and made my self-righteous choice.
UNSPOKEN: But this time, the alternatives are impossible to compare.
Rintaro: “I have to choose which friend to let die. It would be so much easier if I knew what was right.”
Kurisu: “...Which friend to let die? What are you talking about?”
Rintaro: “I’m just a student, Christina. You know?”
Rintaro: “The insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma? That’s just a fantasy. A character I made up. I bet you had no idea.”
Kurisu: “Uh... I may have figured that out when we first met.”
Rintaro: “When we first met...”
UNSPOKEN: What if I hadn’t found Kurisu’s body back then?
UNSPOKEN: Let’s try imagining that situation.
UNSPOKEN: If I hadn’t seen Kurisu dead, I wouldn’t have interrogated her before the seminar at ATF.
UNSPOKEN: Without hearing me call her a zombie, she wouldn’t have taken an interest in me. She wouldn’t have come to the lab.
UNSPOKEN: Ultimately, we would never have built the Time Leap Machine, leaving me without the means to save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: And of course, Kurisu would not have become our friend.
UNSPOKEN: We would not be as close as we are right now.
Kurisu: “Tell me, Okabe. What do you mean?”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t meet her questioning gaze.
Rintaro: “...Do I have to tell you?”
Kurisu: “You’ve never hesitated to ask me for help before.”
Kurisu: “Don’t hold back now.”
UNSPOKEN: That’s not what this is about.
Rintaro: “...Then prepare yourself.”
Rintaro: “What I’m about to tell you is the absolute truth.”
Rintaro: “And it could also be... your death sentence.”
Kurisu: “...eh?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s voice cracks a little.
Rintaro: “Remember what I told you before? When we delete the D-Mail from SERN’s database, we’ll reach the Beta worldline, where Mayuri doesn’t die.”
Kurisu: “And where SERN doesn’t take over the world, right. Everyone lives. Everyone is free. You made it sound perfect.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is a genius. I have no doubt that she understands.
Rintaro: “Kurisu. On the Beta worldline...”
Rintaro: “You die on July 28th.”
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “And according to the attractor field model, nothing can prevent that from happening.”
Rintaro: “If I want to save Mayuri, I have no choice... but to let you die!”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu says nothing.
UNSPOKEN: What expression is she making now?
UNSPOKEN: I reluctantly sneak a look at her face.
UNSPOKEN: She’s staring out across the cityscape.
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes look distant. I see neither fear nor sadness in her face.
UNSPOKEN: She seems... accepting.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is always like this.
UNSPOKEN: Always calm, no matter what.
UNSPOKEN: It’s hard to believe she’s younger than me.
UNSPOKEN: Her soft chestnut hair blows in the wind.
UNSPOKEN: She lifts a hand to hold it down.
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “How credible do you find this attractor field model?”
Rintaro: “Credible?”
Kurisu: “It’s all secondhand info from John Titor -- from Amane-san, isn’t it?”
Kurisu: “I get that it’s the accepted model in 2036.”
Kurisu: “But how exactly did scientists prove the existence of attractor fields?”
Rintaro: “Are you trying to say the model may be wrong? But I know for certain that convergence exists. I’ve experienced it firsthand.”
Kurisu: “Even if they’re right about convergence...”
Kurisu: “What about the relationship between worldlines?”
Rintaro: “The moment I change worldlines, everything is reconstructed. Past, present, and future.”
Kurisu: “But that’s just from your perspective, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “Once you go to the Beta worldline, the ’me’ that your brain perceives will die.”
Kurisu: “In other words, your perspective will have chosen the worldline where I die instead of the one where I don’t. However...”
Kurisu: “Why can’t the world your brain perceives be different from the world my brain perceives?”
UNSPOKEN: Brains. I forgot her specialty was neuroscience.
Rintaro: “So you’re saying worldlines are independent?”
Kurisu: “Like trains, maybe.”
Rintaro: “Trains?”
Kurisu: “Um, let me give you an easy example...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu takes out her phone and starts fiddling with it.
Kurisu: “If I want to take the train from Akiba to Yokohama, which route should I use?”
Rintaro: “I didn’t know you were a railfan.”
Kurisu: “It’s just an example. Geez.”
Kurisu: “You choose to take the Yamanote Line to Tokyo Station, then transfer to the Tokaido Main Line for the rest of your trip.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu keeps talking as she looks at her phone, apparently reading off an itinerary.
Kurisu: “But I take the Yamanote Line to Osaki, then transfer to the Shonan-Shinjuku Line.”
Kurisu: “Another person -- say, Hashida-san -- might decide to take the Keihin Tohoku Line for some reason.”
Kurisu: “And Mayuri might ride the Shinkansen from Tokyo.”
Kurisu: “You and I ride the same train until Tokyo Station. But from there, we ride different lines, while still aiming for the same destination.”
Rintaro: “And that applies to the universe? You’re claiming the existence of parallel worlds?”
Kurisu: “...I like to use my imagination too, sometimes.”
Kurisu: “But where’s the proof that there’s only one world?”
Rintaro: “Suzuha said so... and then there’s Reading Steiner.”
Kurisu: “In other words, an unknown time traveler and your unexplainable super power.”
Rintaro: “But we knew Suzuha...”
Kurisu: “There’s no way to prove that she was Hashida’s daughter, or anything she said about 2036 either. Not without going there ourselves.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “What are you trying to say?”
Kurisu: “Let’s say you choose the worldline where I die. That doesn’t mean I have to do the same.”
Kurisu: “The fact is that I am standing here right now, observing the world with my own subjectivity.”
Kurisu: “I already exist on a worldline where I don’t die.”
Kurisu: “Even if your perspective shifts to the Beta worldline, my perspective might remain here.”
Kurisu: “It’s a question of where the soul lies. And I won’t let you have your way with my soul.”
Rintaro: “No true scientist would accept a hypothesis that flimsy.”
Kurisu: “But there’s a chance I’m right.”
Kurisu: “So you have nothing to worry about.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu smiles.
UNSPOKEN: How can she smile? I just told her that she’s going to die.
Kurisu: “The problem is that you don’t want to let me die, right?”
Kurisu: “But if my hypothesis is correct, I’ll still be alive on another possible worldline.”
Kurisu: “So there’s no reason to be afraid.”
Rintaro: “...”
Rintaro: “It’s just a hypothesis.”
Kurisu: “The same is true of attractor fields.”
Kurisu: “It hasn’t been proven. Even if someone did prove it by 2036, that doesn’t help us here in the present.”
Kurisu: “In other words...”
Kurisu: “Anything is possible.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns her back to me after finishing.
UNSPOKEN: It’s an armchair theory.
UNSPOKEN: A daring armchair theory that could, quite possibly, render meaningless everything I’ve done up to now.
UNSPOKEN: How can Kurisu stay so calm?
UNSPOKEN: She’s just an 18-year-old girl.
Kurisu: “You really don’t have to worry about me, Okabe. It would just hurt my pride if you did.”
Rintaro: “Don’t say it like that.”
Kurisu: “Your phone’s ringing.”
Rintaro: “Oh, yeah. It’s Mayuri.”
Kurisu: “Answer it. I don’t mind.”
Rintaro: “...”
Rintaro: “...Hello?”
Mayuri: “Ah...”
Rintaro: “Mayuri?”
Mayuri: “Yeah...”
UNSPOKEN: Displayed on the screen is Mayuri’s face, devoid of its usual brightness for some reason.
Rintaro: “What’s wrong?”
Mayuri: “Um, I heard from Daru-kun that Okarin’s been acting kinda strange.”
Mayuri: “Mayushii was so preoccupied with ComiMa, she didn’t really notice...”
Mayuri: “Even though she usually notices right away when Okarin’s not happy...”
Mayuri: “I’m sorry, Okarin.”
UNSPOKEN: Don’t apologize.
UNSPOKEN: You’ve done nothing wrong.
Mayuri: “Um, did something happen?”
Rintaro: “...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “What did Mayuri say?”
UNSPOKEN: The ringtone cuts off during my hesitation.
Kurisu: “You’re such a wimp. I’m disappointed in you.”
Rintaro: “Aren’t you afraid of dying?”
Kurisu: “Did you not hear what I just said?”
Rintaro: “I heard, but--”
UNSPOKEN: An email interrupts me.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to argue with Kurisu any more, so I open my phone to break the conversation.
Rintaro: “How are you a burden!? Don’t say things like that, dammit!”
Rintaro: “Why is she only serious at times like this!?”
Kurisu: “A burden, huh...”
Rintaro: “I’ve never felt Mayuri was a burden. Not once.”
Kurisu: “Then you should tell her that.”
UNSPOKEN: Maybe it wasn’t a good idea to leave Mayuri in the dark.
UNSPOKEN: She never looks like she’s thinking anything. And yet, she saw my doubt?
UNSPOKEN: Either way, I can’t tell her the truth.
Kurisu: “Okabe.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs, then glares at me.
Kurisu: “The old you wouldn’t have worried about anything.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, you should go see Mayuri.”
Kurisu: “I’m sure she has a lot to say.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. Even if I don’t tell Mayuri the truth, I need to at least tell her something.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll postpone my decision, and go see Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: It’s afternoon on the first day of ComiMa, and the crowds are finally beginning to thin out.
UNSPOKEN: Of course, the industry booths and cosplay area are still packed, but at least I don’t have to wait in line to get in.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve been trying to get in touch with Mayuri for a while now, but she hasn’t responded.
UNSPOKEN: I checked with Daru, but he hasn’t seen her today either.
UNSPOKEN: Cosplay ends at 4 PM. I focus on searching the cosplay area until then, but I still can’t find her.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she finished early and went home.
UNSPOKEN: I try calling her home. No luck. They haven’t seen her since she left this morning.
UNSPOKEN: Where is she?
UNSPOKEN: I’m always afraid that she’ll disappear the second I take my eyes off of her.
UNSPOKEN: It’s been like that ever since she lost her grandmother. 
UNSPOKEN: Maybe it’s just my imagination.
UNSPOKEN: We’ve been so close for so long. I saw Mayuri at her weakest and most vulnerable.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe that has made me overprotective.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Okabe.”
Rintaro: “You’re alive...”
UNSPOKEN: What a dumb thing to say.
UNSPOKEN: Fortunately, it looks like Kurisu didn’t hear me. She’s busy combing her disheveled hair with her fingers.
UNSPOKEN: I breathe a silent sigh of relief.
Kurisu: “Right. I forgot I might run into you here.”
Rintaro: “What were you doing?”
Kurisu: “...Thinking.”
Rintaro: “Oh...”
UNSPOKEN: Was she thinking about her death?
Kurisu: “...”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know what to say, so I keep my mouth shut.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu appears to be in the same boat. She’s staring at the capsule toy dispenser in the corner, her face wearing the usual frown.
UNSPOKEN: The awkward silence drags on.
UNSPOKEN: When you think about it, Kurisu’s fate rests in my hands.
UNSPOKEN: My decision will determine whether she lives or dies.
UNSPOKEN: Her fantastic hypothesis yesterday was a desperate attempt to construct a scenario where she doesn’t die.
UNSPOKEN: Even if she believes that her theory is correct, it must be difficult for her to avoid imagining her own death.
UNSPOKEN: I force a smile. I’m getting really uncomfortable here.
Rintaro: “Looks like I’m in your way, so I’ll just go.”
Kurisu: “...Oh, okay.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn. I was expecting a sarcastic remark like “Since when do mad scientists have manners?” or something.
UNSPOKEN: Just then, something cold lands on the tip of my nose.
UNSPOKEN: When I look up, raindrops start landing on my forehead.
UNSPOKEN: An evening shower. It’s only going to get more intense, and quickly.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hasn’t moved a muscle.
UNSPOKEN: She’s just standing there with her arms folded, staring at the ground as if she doesn’t notice the rain at all.
Rintaro: “Hey. It’s raining.”
Kurisu: “Huh? Oh, yeah.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s acting strange, like her mind is elsewhere.
UNSPOKEN: I knew it. She’s been thinking about...
Rintaro: “Whoa!”
UNSPOKEN: In less than a minute, the rain turns into a full downpour.
UNSPOKEN: We had no time to seek shelter.
Kurisu: “What the hell!?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s scream is drowned out by the roar of the rain.
Kurisu: “Whew, what a surprise.”
Rintaro: “That’s what you get for tempting the sky gods.”
UNSPOKEN: Now safely inside the building, we take a moment to catch our breath.
UNSPOKEN: It’s been a week since Suzuha’s time machine disappeared, but Radi-Kan is still closed. The lights are off, and it’s pretty dark inside.
Kurisu: “You should’ve warned me sooner. Even my underwear’s soaked.”
Rintaro: “Same here. I bet you’re glad it’s dark, huh?”
Kurisu: “What do you mean?”
Rintaro: “If the lights were on, I’d be able to see everything.”
Kurisu: “...!”
UNSPOKEN: Even in the dim light, I can tell that Kurisu is scrambling to cover her chest.
Kurisu: “Ugh, I forgot that you’re a perv too.”
Rintaro: “You’re the one who announced that your underwear was wet.”
Kurisu: “J-just drop it! If you’re imagining what color my underwear is, I’ll kill you!”
Rintaro: “I’m not imagining anything.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s too self-conscious.
UNSPOKEN: But... the color of her underwear, huh?
UNSPOKEN: Hmmm... gotta be white.
Kurisu: “Achoo!”
Rintaro: “Cold?”
Kurisu: “I’m not stripping naked, if that’s what you’re suggesting! Your pervy tricks won’t work on me!”
Rintaro: “Who said strip!? Calm down, will you!?”
Kurisu: “Grr...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “S-sorry.”
UNSPOKEN: Please, spare me that horror.
UNSPOKEN: Still, these wisecracks are a welcome distraction.
Kurisu: “A storm like that shouldn’t last long. Guess we’ll just wait it out.”
UNSPOKEN: I see Kurisu’s shadowy form move to sit on the staircase. I sit next to her.
Kurisu: “H-hey, get your own stair!”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “W-what?”
Rintaro: “You’re the one who said not to speak.”
Kurisu: “Y-you’re too close...”
Kurisu: “Don’t come any closer, okay? You can stay where you are, but come any closer, and I’ll push you away, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Our bodies gradually grow cold. We start shivering.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe I should take off my wet clothes.
UNSPOKEN: But if I do that, Kurisu will just call me a perv again.
UNSPOKEN: Better not.
UNSPOKEN: My eyes gradually adjust to the darkness.
UNSPOKEN: I can see Kurisu more clearly now.
UNSPOKEN: She’s huddled up against the wall.
Kurisu: “...Don’t look at me.”
Rintaro: “Impossible! How can you see where I’m looking!?”
UNSPOKEN: Does she have infravision!?
Kurisu: “So you were looking.”
UNSPOKEN: Damn! She used Leading Question on me.
UNSPOKEN: That’s such a high-level technique.
UNSPOKEN: I avert my eyes from Kurisu and take off my lab coat.
UNSPOKEN: That’s when I notice my coat is torn at the shoulder.
Rintaro: “Damn. Must have caught on something when we ran inside.”
Kurisu: “What are you talking about?”
Rintaro: “Just a little tear in my coat.”
Kurisu: “Is clumsiness one of your character traits?”
Rintaro: “Don’t be ridiculous. I am a mad scientist. I bear the curse of insanity, not clumsiness.”
UNSPOKEN: It seems like forever since I’ve talked to Kurisu as “Hououin Kyouma.”
Kurisu: “Yeah, yeah.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly holds out her hand.
Kurisu: “Give it here.”
Rintaro: “What?”
Kurisu: “I happen to have a sewing kit with me. I’ll stitch it up for you.”
Rintaro: “A sewing kit? You?”
Kurisu: “Something wrong with that?”
UNSPOKEN: I hand over my coat as asked.
Rintaro: “You’re an experiment-loving girl. You’re not supposed to be... domestic.”
Kurisu: “Can’t I be a domestic experiment-loving girl?”
Rintaro: “You? Domestic?”
Kurisu: “Relatively, maybe. Well, actually, I don’t know the domesticity index for Japanese high school girls these days.”
UNSPOKEN: There’s an index for that? First I’ve heard of it.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu skillfully threads the needle, despite the darkness.
Kurisu: “It’s wet, so it’s kinda hard to thread.”
Rintaro: “...Did you really just happen to have that on you?”
Kurisu: “Get over it already. Is it really so wrong for me to have a sewing kit?”
Rintaro: “It’s not wrong. It just seems like you planned for this.”
Kurisu: “So you’re saying I brought it with me because I somehow knew your coat was going to get ripped. Uh-huh.”
Kurisu: “Ridiculous.”
Kurisu: “And before you get the wrong idea, I’m not fixing your coat because I want to or anything, okay?”
Rintaro: “Nice tsundere line.”
Kurisu: “Don’t mock me. You just happened to tear your clothes, and I just happened to have a sewing kit handy when you did. It’s coincidence. That’s all.”
Rintaro: “Coincidence...”
Rintaro: “Hey... you didn’t time leap, did you?”
Kurisu: “So now you’re saying that I went back in time for the sole purpose of repairing your stupid lab coat. Uh-huh.”
Kurisu: “Ridiculous. Ridiculous! There. It’s so important I said it twice. Comprendes?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Thanks.”
Kurisu: “Um, by the way... it was dark, so I couldn’t really see.”
Kurisu: “If it turns out bad, it’s not my fault. It was dark. That’s all.”
Kurisu: “Oh, and I hope you like the color. Because I have no idea which thread I used.”
Rintaro: “It’s... random?”
Kurisu: “Black, red, or pink. Those are the three possibilities.”
Rintaro: “Let’s just hope it’s not pink...”
Kurisu: “Achoo!”
Rintaro: “Cold?”
Kurisu: “I guess.”
Rintaro: “Take my coat.”
Kurisu: “But it’s wet.”
Rintaro: “Well, yeah, but...”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Silence again.
UNSPOKEN: The words flow so naturally when it’s just harmless banter, but one second of silence, and suddenly we have nothing to say.
UNSPOKEN: It must be because of what happened yesterday. I’m so desperate to avoid the topic that nothing seems safe.
UNSPOKEN: I know I need to say something, but what?
Kurisu: “...Have you made your decision yet?”
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is barely a whisper, but I can hear her clearly in the silence of the empty stairwell.
UNSPOKEN: I look at Kurisu. She’s hugging her knees to her chest, presumably against the cold.
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: My decision.
UNSPOKEN: I know what she means.
UNSPOKEN: That’s why I can’t answer.
Kurisu: “Sigh... You still haven’t made up your mind?”
Kurisu: “You like Mayuri, don’t you?”
Rintaro: “What?”
UNSPOKEN: Where did that come from?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu keeps staring into the darkness.
Kurisu: “It’s probably just my imagination, but lately, I’ve been seeing things. Like a strange sort of deja vu.”
Kurisu: “In these visions, you’re fighting to save Mayuri all by yourself. You never give up, no matter how much it hurts.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu, too?
Kurisu: “Then you come to me for help. You’re so desperate, so earnest, that I just have to do what I can.”
Kurisu: “N-not that I’m doing it for you, okay!? I just want to save Mayuri, that’s all.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “Anyway, these images are stuck in my head, like memories.”
UNSPOKEN: So Kurisu’s the same. She still has faint memories from previous worldlines.
Kurisu: “I tried self-analysis. Maybe I’m mistaking dreams for reality, projecting my hopes and fantasies... I don’t know.”
Kurisu: “But there’s one thing I do know.”
Kurisu: “You have to save Mayuri.”
Rintaro: “...Aren’t you afraid?”
UNSPOKEN: To save Mayuri, I must undo the current worldline.
UNSPOKEN: If I do that, Kurisu will die.
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “You know, it kinda feels like we’re trapped in an ancient ruin.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly changes the subject. She looks around the dark, empty stairwell.
Kurisu: “Like the world ended...”
Kurisu: “And we’re the only two people left.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “I’ve been thinking.”
Kurisu: “Say you go to the Beta worldline, and everyone else goes with you.”
Kurisu: “What if I can’t go with you? What if I’m the only one left behind?”
Kurisu: “Would the entire world become like this place?”
Kurisu: “It’s just a theory... but I can’t help but wonder.”
Rintaro: “I...”
UNSPOKEN: I need to say it.
Rintaro: “I’ll save you. Not just Mayuri, but--”
Kurisu: “Don’t make promises you can’t keep!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu cuts me off sharply, then buries her face in her knees.
Kurisu: “You asked me if I wasn’t afraid.”
Kurisu: “...Of course I’m afraid.”
Kurisu: “Maybe I’ll disappear. Maybe I’ll be left behind all alone.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Kurisu...”
Kurisu: “Jesus, it’s cold!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu grabs her own arms.
UNSPOKEN: In the darkness, I see her shoulders shaking.
Kurisu: “It’s because of these wet clothes! This sucks.”
Kurisu: “Anyway, enough of this nonsense. It’s nothing but conjecture. Baseless. Worthless. I want to cut open my skull and excise the part of my brain that comes up with these delusions.”
UNSPOKEN: Now she’s talking to herself in an angry tone.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu has always been calm when faced with the unknown. I admired her for that.
UNSPOKEN: I thought she was facing this calmly too.
UNSPOKEN: But I was wrong.
UNSPOKEN: Behind her cool facade, she was struggling to cope with the knowledge that her very existence was in jeopardy.
UNSPOKEN: She was fighting that fear all alone, and now it has finally come to the surface.
UNSPOKEN: Of course she’s afraid.
UNSPOKEN: However brilliant she may be, she’s still just an 18-year-old girl.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu abruptly stands up.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that I no longer hear the sound of rain pounding on the roof.
Kurisu: “Listen, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “You can’t save both of us. Correct?”
Kurisu: “No matter how you struggle, it’s one or the other.”
Rintaro: “But...”
Kurisu: “No buts. My answer won’t change.”
Kurisu: “Save Mayuri.”
UNSPOKEN: I hear the pain in her voice... and also the resolve.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu has made up her mind.
UNSPOKEN: I look away and clench my fists. My nails dig into the palms of my hands.
Rintaro: “Are you telling me to give up!? To abandon you!?”
Rintaro: “I could never do that!”
Kurisu: “You can, and you must! There’s no other way.”
Rintaro: “No! You’re our friend! I won’t abandon you!”
Kurisu: “Okabe!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu drops to her knees and grabs me by the collar.
UNSPOKEN: I gasp for breath as she stares into my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes are hard and stern.
UNSPOKEN: It’s always like this when she scolds me.
UNSPOKEN: Always the same glare...
Kurisu: “Is there another solution? There isn’t, is there?”
Kurisu: “I don’t want to live if it means sacrificing Mayuri!”
Kurisu: “If you don’t save her, I’ll never forgive you!”
Rintaro: “Guh...”
UNSPOKEN: This can’t be happening!
UNSPOKEN: I hate this choice with no right answer.
UNSPOKEN: I hate the universe for being so cruel.
UNSPOKEN: And most of all, I hate myself for forcing Kurisu to speak these words when she is the one with the most to lose.
UNSPOKEN: Tears well up in my eyes, but I bite my lip and hold them back.
UNSPOKEN: Is there really no other way?
UNSPOKEN: I can’t bear it.
UNSPOKEN: I look straight back at Kurisu as she holds me by the collar...
Kurisu: “Eh...?”
UNSPOKEN: And tightly embrace her slender body.
UNSPOKEN: Her clothes are still wet from the rain, but all I feel is warmth radiating from the core of her being.
Rintaro: “But you’re right here!”
Rintaro: “Why does it have to be this way!?”
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
UNSPOKEN: Tension drains from her back and her hands.
UNSPOKEN: She gives her whole body to my embrace.
Kurisu: “Thank you. I know you’re hurting for me.”
Kurisu: “But you’ve done enough. I’m fine, so just think about Mayuri, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Despite her fear, Kurisu has made her choice.
UNSPOKEN: It’s time for me to do the same.
UNSPOKEN: I need to decide, here and now.
UNSPOKEN: The future of the world.
UNSPOKEN: Which friend to let die.
UNSPOKEN: Holding Kurisu tightly, I whisper into her ear...
Rintaro: “...I’m sorry.”
UNSPOKEN: A meaningless apology.
Kurisu: “...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...I know.”
UNSPOKEN: When I finish, I feel as if a great weight has left my shoulders.
UNSPOKEN: And at the same time, as if a thousand needles are stabbing into my heart.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu weakly returns my embrace.
UNSPOKEN: Then she lets go and stands up.
Kurisu: “Well then.”
UNSPOKEN: There’s already a look of relief on her face.
Kurisu: “I’m heading back.”
Rintaro: “Back? Where?”
UNSPOKEN: ...To America?
Kurisu: ”The lab, of course. I need to dry my clothes. I wanna take a shower, too.”
UNSPOKEN: In that case, we should go back together.
UNSPOKEN: But before I can suggest it, Kurisu beats me to the punch, as if she read my mind.
Kurisu: “You stay here and soak for a while.”
Kurisu: “Understand?”
UNSPOKEN: We can’t go back together.
UNSPOKEN: That’s her verdict.
Rintaro: “...Understand.”
UNSPOKEN: I hang my head and shut my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s footsteps fade into the distance.
UNSPOKEN: I wrap my arms around my body.
UNSPOKEN: Even though it’s summer and sweltering hot, I can’t stop my body from shaking.
UNSPOKEN: I realize that part of me is relieved that Kurisu left alone. At least I won’t have to face her again, to look upon the face of the girl I chose to die.
UNSPOKEN: I’m a coward.
Rintaro: “Heh... heh heh heh...”
UNSPOKEN: My self-loathing echoes in the darkness.
UNSPOKEN: I wait about two hours before returning to the lab. Kurisu is already gone when I get there.
UNSPOKEN: All she left is a single email.
UNSPOKEN: I sit down on the sofa. While drying my hair with a towel, I look towards the PC in the corner of the room.
UNSPOKEN: It’s already connected to the IBN 5100, ready for Daru to start hacking.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Thanks for coming to see me off.”
UNSPOKEN: She faces us with a smile.
Rintaro: “Does that suitcase mean what I think it does?”
Kurisu: “Hm? Oh. Yeah, it does.”
Rintaro: “You’re going back to America.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods.
Kurisu: “I was supposed to go back at the beginning of the month. But then I ran into a certain mad scientist, and ended up staying longer than planned.”
Kurisu: “There’s nothing else I can help you with anyway. And I don’t want to be a liability.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Is she doing this for me?
UNSPOKEN: Or is she trying to outrun her fear?
UNSPOKEN: It’s not my right to stop her. Even if I did, it wouldn’t change anything.
UNSPOKEN: Today, as planned, I will crack SERN’s database and move to the Beta worldline.
UNSPOKEN: I’ve made my decision.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is next to me, standing still with her head hung.
Mayuri: “...”
Kurisu: “What’s wrong, Mayuri? Are you feeling sick?”
UNSPOKEN: I gently nudge her back.
Rintaro: “C’mon, Mayuri.”
Mayuri: “...”
UNSPOKEN: She takes one step, pauses for a second, then leaps on Kurisu with a cry.
Mayuri: “Chris-chan!”
Kurisu: “W-whoa, what’s going on!?”
Mayuri: “Mayushii doesn’t want Chris-chan to disappear!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hears the desperate plea in Mayuri’s voice. She gives me a look that asks, “Did you tell her?”
UNSPOKEN: I silently nod.
Mayuri: “You can’t disappear. Not for Mayushii! Okay?”
Rintaro: “Mayuri...”
Mayuri: “Mayushii doesn’t want to live if Chris-chan has to die!”
UNSPOKEN: I expected Mayuri might say that.
UNSPOKEN: It’s absolutely essential that I remain firm.
UNSPOKEN: I feel bad for Kurisu, but it needs to be said.
Rintaro: “This is the way it has to be. I chose you, Mayuri. You have an obligation to live.”
UNSPOKEN: Pain stabs through my heart.
UNSPOKEN: These words are reprehensible.
Rintaro: “Kurisu and I made a pact. She agreed to trade her life for yours. If that sacred covenant is broken, this world is doomed!”
UNSPOKEN: I clench my fists tight to suppress my self-loathing.
Rintaro: “Don’t put Kurisu’s feelings to waste, Mayuri!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Wh-wh-wha-what are you saying!?”
Kurisu: “It’s true, isn’t it?”
UNSPOKEN: She gives me a mischievous smile.
Kurisu: “It would make him really sad if you died. You don’t want him to be sad, do you?”
Mayuri: “But if Chris-chan goes away, it’ll make Mayushii sad...”
Kurisu: “Yeah... I know. It makes me sad too.”
Kurisu: “But this was going to happen eventually. I had to go back to America sooner or later.”
Kurisu: “So even if you move to another worldline, just think of me as being in America. It’s practically the same thing.”
Mayuri: “That’s not the problem! I don’t want Chris-chan to disappear!”
Mayuri: “Let’s stop this, okay? Don’t make Chris-chan disappear!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu separates from Mayuri, and gazes straight into her face.
Kurisu: “You have to listen to us now, Mayuri.”
UNSPOKEN: She uses a gentle tone, as if speaking to a child.
UNSPOKEN: Then she lightly bumps Mayuri on the head.
Kurisu: “Okabe. Don’t ever let go of her again.”
Rintaro: “...I know.”
Kurisu: “Well, I’m off.”
Kurisu: “Thank god I’ll never have to see your silly face again!”
UNSPOKEN: She punctuates her insult with a smile.
UNSPOKEN: She’s so cheerful now, a far cry from the shivering girl in the dark. To see her like this breaks my heart.
UNSPOKEN: I’m sorry.
UNSPOKEN: I repeat the words in my heart again and again, begging for forgiveness.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns to go.
Mayuri: “Don’t go, Chris-chan! Please, don’t go!”
Kurisu: “Don’t follow me!”
UNSPOKEN: She shouts over her shoulder. Mayuri freezes.
Kurisu: “I don’t want pity. It will only make it worse.”
Kurisu: “This is my decision. Nothing you can say will change my mind.”
Mayuri: “...”
Kurisu: “...Goodbye.”
Kurisu: “Promise me, Mayuri. Promise me you’ll find happiness.”
UNSPOKEN: With that, Kurisu walks away.
UNSPOKEN: Early morning Akihabara, well before sunrise. The trains are just starting to run.
UNSPOKEN: She disappears into the station, dragging her suitcase behind her, alone.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri falls to her knees, her face streaked with tears.
UNSPOKEN: As I approach, I hear her voice.
Mayuri: “I’m sorry... I’m sorry... I’m sorry...”
Rintaro: “You have nothing to apologize for. This was my decision, and mine alone.”
Rintaro: “Kurisu will disappear, for I chose not to save her.”
Rintaro: “I chose... to bring chaos to the world.”
Rintaro: “You can’t forgive me, can you, Mayuri? Then hate me.”
Rintaro: “But even then, you’re staying with me to the end.”
Rintaro: “I have chosen.”
Rintaro: “To save you, I will let Kurisu die.”
Rintaro: “So hate me, loathe me, curse my name...”
Rintaro: “But I... will not turn back.”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...Kuh!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly pushes me away.
UNSPOKEN: She steps back. Her face is hidden behind her hair.
UNSPOKEN: But her fists are trembling. Her body exudes raw fury.
Kurisu: “This is ridiculous! You... motherfucker!”
Rintaro: “Whoa!”
Kurisu: “I said I was fine! What do you mean you won’t give up!? Are you stupid? Wanna die?”
Kurisu: “Are you trying to be a hero, you chuunibyou wackjob? Don’t make promises you can’t keep!”
Kurisu: “Your stupidity is infuriating! Why can’t you just do as I say!?”
Rintaro: “I...”
Kurisu: “What’s the problem, huh!? If you weigh the options logically, saving Mayuri is the only--”
Rintaro: “Fuck logic!”
Kurisu: “...!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at me in shock.
Rintaro: “I’m not God! Maybe I got close, but that’s not me!”
Rintaro: “I can’t decide who lives and who dies anymore!”
UNSPOKEN: Suzuha.
UNSPOKEN: Faris.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako.
UNSPOKEN: I sacrificed their happiness to save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: And the whole time, a voice in the back of my head was asking...
UNSPOKEN: Is this really okay?
UNSPOKEN: What gives me the right?
Rintaro: “This time...”
UNSPOKEN: This time, I want to save both of them, without sacrificing anyone.
Kurisu: “Hmph!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns away with a frown, then starts tapping her foot in a clear gesture of displeasure.
Kurisu: “There’s nothing you can do. It’s the choice of Steins Gate. Isn’t that what you always say?”
Kurisu: “The equation is proven, Okabe. There’s no escape.”
Kurisu: “You’re just one man. No matter how hard you try, you can’t overcome the will of the universe.”
Rintaro: “I know... but I’m still going to try!”
UNSPOKEN: I won’t lose Mayuri or Kurisu.
Kurisu: “Kuh...”
UNSPOKEN: I hear Kurisu grinding her teeth.
UNSPOKEN: Then she turns her back to me.
Kurisu: “Have it your way! But I’m not helping. I’m going back to America, and that’s that.”
Kurisu: “Goodbye. I don’t expect we’ll meet again, Hououin Kyouma.”
Rintaro: “Kuh...”
Kurisu: “I can’t believe this! How stupid can you be? You’re so... stupid!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu disappears down the stairs, muttering insults until I can no longer hear her.
UNSPOKEN: Now alone, I sigh into the darkness.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is absolutely right.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t think of a single way to save them both.
UNSPOKEN: I’m a fool.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, I have to try.
UNSPOKEN: But this time, I won’t have Kurisu’s help.
UNSPOKEN: I have to fight the universe alone.
UNSPOKEN: How do I save both Kurisu and Mayuri?
UNSPOKEN: I can’t use D-Mail. Too much could go wrong.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t want to make the same mistakes again.
UNSPOKEN: In the end, all I can do is time leap.
UNSPOKEN: Time leaping can’t save Mayuri, but at least it can delay her death, give me time to find a solution.
UNSPOKEN: On this worldline, Mayuri dies at half past seven on the night of August 17th.
UNSPOKEN: That’s about 26 hours from now.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Why...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu ignores my question and fixes me with her usual glare.
Kurisu: “Time leaping is just running away.”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: You don’t have to tell me. I already know.
UNSPOKEN: I know all too well.
UNSPOKEN: In the end, all I’m doing is running away. Running from responsibility. Running from the decision.
UNSPOKEN: If I had known I would have to make this choice, then I would have refused Suzuha when she entrusted me with her mission.
Rintaro: “I’ve hurt people... lots of people... just to save Mayuri.”
Rintaro: “And yet, I don’t even feel guilty anymore.”
Rintaro: “I feel like I’m losing my humanity.”
Kurisu: “Then why are you hesitating now?”
Rintaro: “...Maybe because my insurance, the Time Leap Machine, isn’t effective.”
Rintaro: “Or maybe I just haven’t mastered it yet. Maybe I haven’t tapped into its full potential.”
Kurisu: “Running only makes it hurt more.”
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly looks away.
UNSPOKEN: Then she leans against the wall and smiles bitterly.
Kurisu: “I should know.”
UNSPOKEN: Is Kurisu running too? From what?
Kurisu: “Look at yourself, Okabe. You look like you’ve aged a decade.”
Kurisu: “Your heart can’t take it anymore. You don’t need to beat yourself up like this. Just accept the truth.”
Kurisu: “Like I said, you can’t stay here.”
Kurisu: “Go to the Beta worldline. Go to the world where Mayuri doesn’t die.”
Kurisu: “Not just for your sake, but for mine as well.”
UNSPOKEN: She’s right. I have no other options left.
UNSPOKEN: No more D-Mails. No more time leaps.
UNSPOKEN: There’s no perfect world where both Kurisu and Mayuri live.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe there are things I have yet to try, but I’m certain that all of them will end in vain.
UNSPOKEN: As long as I stay on this worldline, Mayuri will die.
UNSPOKEN: And if I go to the Beta worldline, Kurisu will die.
UNSPOKEN: We’ll never be able to talk like this again.
UNSPOKEN: It’s only been twenty days since we met, and yet...
UNSPOKEN: Memories of Kurisu flash before my eyes.
Kurisu: “Thank you. I know you’re hurting for me.”
UNSPOKEN: So much has happened these past twenty days.
UNSPOKEN: We argued. We exchanged insults.
UNSPOKEN: We made incredible discoveries together, and when confronted with the implications, we shared our fears.
UNSPOKEN: Whenever I hit a dead end in my struggle to save Mayuri, I always turned to Kurisu for help. She always listened. She always believed me.
UNSPOKEN: And I helped her too, when she was distraught over her father.
UNSPOKEN: We promised to go to Aomori together.
UNSPOKEN: Without this girl genius on our side, we would not have the Time Leap Machine.
UNSPOKEN: Proud, passionate Makise Kurisu. Always strong, or at least pretending to be. A little nosy, too, and serious to a fault.
UNSPOKEN: Before I knew it, she had become the center of the lab.
UNSPOKEN: From the very beginning, I was attracted to her radiant confidence.
UNSPOKEN: I found myself mesmerized by her every gesture. Hanging on her every word.
UNSPOKEN: I listened enraptured whenever she presented her latest theory.
UNSPOKEN: At the end of the day, the reason I never called her by her name... was because I was too embarrassed.
UNSPOKEN: I admired her. I longed for her. And I didn’t want to admit it to myself.
UNSPOKEN: Only now do I realize the truth.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “Once you go to the Beta worldline, Mayuri and Hashida will forget the time we spent together, right?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s cheeks start to redden, and she turns away.
Kurisu: “Will you... remember me?”
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is barely a whisper.
Rintaro: “Of course I’ll remember you. Of course I will!”
Rintaro: “There’s no way I could ever forget the girl most important to me!”
Kurisu: “Eh? Y-you mean...”
Kurisu: “Wh-what the hell are you saying!?”
Rintaro: “The truth.”
Kurisu: “B-but... proof. I need proof. I can’t come up with a formula otherwise!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is getting flustered for some reason.
Kurisu: “When the anterior pituitary gland hypersecretes ACTH, and gamma waves induce stochastic resonance, we can assume an infinite Hausdorff dimension for the Hilbert curve.”
Kurisu: “That is, we can measure the asymptotic line with positron emission tomography...?”
Rintaro: “Kurisu.”
UNSPOKEN: I speak her name. Our eyes meet.
Rintaro: “I love you.”
Kurisu: “...!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks away. Her face is bright red.
Rintaro: “And you?”
Kurisu: “Eh!? Wh-what!?”
Rintaro: “Do you, uh... How do you feel about me?”
Kurisu: “Y-you want to know?”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly looks me straight in the eye. Her face is still red, but her expression is firm.
UNSPOKEN: She walks straight up to me, grabs me by the collar, and jerks me towards her.
Kurisu: “Close your eyes!”
UNSPOKEN: Did I make her mad?
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps Kurisu hates me for some reason.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe she really did mean all those insults she’s said to me.
UNSPOKEN: That would be really sad...
UNSPOKEN: I slowly lick my trembling lips, and timidly try to ask a question.
Rintaro: “Why close my--”
Kurisu: “Just shut up and close them!”
UNSPOKEN: I do as I’m told, though I still don’t know why she’s so angry.
UNSPOKEN: My collar is still in Kurisu’s grip.
Kurisu: “...”
Kurisu: “nn...”
UNSPOKEN: Abruptly, I feel a soft sensation against my lips.
UNSPOKEN: The faint scent of citrus tickles my nose.
UNSPOKEN: When I open my eyes in surprise...
UNSPOKEN: I see Kurisu’s face scant millimeters away.
UNSPOKEN: And then I understand what has happened.
UNSPOKEN: She’s kissing me.
UNSPOKEN: Her lips are very warm.
UNSPOKEN: My mind goes blank.
UNSPOKEN: I’m unable to think.
UNSPOKEN: I want to stay like this forever.
UNSPOKEN: But soon, our lips separate.
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks down shyly.
Rintaro: “Wha... wha...”
Kurisu: “I-it’s not like I did it... because I wanted to or anything.”
Kurisu: “It’s just... you promised... that you wouldn’t forget about me.”
Kurisu: “Research shows that memories are harder to forget when coupled with intense emotions.”
Kurisu: “Y-you’re a virgin and a perv, so I was sure you’d have an elaborative rehearsal on your first kiss, instantly making it a long-term memory you’d never forget... so...”
Kurisu: “I just don’t want you to forget about me, Okabe. No matter what.”
UNSPOKEN: My heart fills with love for Kurisu as she makes her frantic excuses.
UNSPOKEN: What a relief. Kurisu wasn’t mad. She was just trying to hide her embarrassment.
UNSPOKEN: I want to be with her even more. I want to talk with her even more.
UNSPOKEN: I want to learn even more about her.
UNSPOKEN: But I know that wish can never come true.
UNSPOKEN: My chest tightens. I feel like I’m suffocating.
UNSPOKEN: Desperate to keep my emotions under control, I place my own hands on top of Kurisu’s, which are still grabbing my collar.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “That wasn’t my first kiss.”
Kurisu: “W-why you... You’re just a cherry boy!”
Rintaro: “Shut up, virgin.”
UNSPOKEN: I remember playfully kissing Mayuri in elementary school.
UNSPOKEN: And just a little while ago, I forcibly kissed Moeka to silence her.
UNSPOKEN: But that was on another worldline, and now it never happened, so... I guess it doesn’t count?
Kurisu: “So it wasn’t your first...”
Rintaro: “Right. So it only left a weak impression. Probably not enough to become a long-term memory.”
UNSPOKEN: I’m lying, of course. I’ve never felt such an intense kiss as that.
UNSPOKEN: The shock was like a lightning bolt to the brain.
UNSPOKEN: But still, I’m lying.
UNSPOKEN: Because if I miss this opportunity, I’ll never be able to touch Kurisu again.
UNSPOKEN: This is my last chance.
Rintaro: “So, once more.”
Kurisu: “Wha...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu fidgets. She usually glares at me harshly, but now she’s avoiding my eyes.
Rintaro: “I don’t ever want to forget... so let’s make doubly sure.”
UNSPOKEN: I decide to take the initiative. I wrap my arm gently around Kurisu’s waist and pull her slender body against mine.
Kurisu: “Th-then I guess there’s no choice...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks up at me shyly.
Kurisu: “Just a kiss... okay?”
UNSPOKEN: What is she worried I’ll do?
Kurisu: “Be gentle... okay?”
UNSPOKEN: I run my fingers softly through her hair.
UNSPOKEN: Then I slowly bend down...
Kurisu: “Okabe...”
Kurisu: “Mm...”
UNSPOKEN: We’re both shy, so we end up pecking at each other’s lips like two small birds.
UNSPOKEN: Then we draw back and look at each other.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s eyes are wet. Tears are running down her cheeks.
UNSPOKEN: I kiss them away.
UNSPOKEN: They’re salty.
Kurisu: “Don’t forget me...”
UNSPOKEN: We press our lips together again.
UNSPOKEN: Stronger than the first time. Longer than the first time.
UNSPOKEN: I never want to let go.
UNSPOKEN: We embrace each other tightly, our feelings too powerful to contain.
Kurisu: “mm...”
UNSPOKEN: We seek each other’s warmth again and again.
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Locked in our embrace, we feel each other’s breath.
UNSPOKEN: We feel each other’s scent.
UNSPOKEN: We feel each other’s taste.
Kurisu: “It’s too fast...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu’s whisper resonates through our embrace.
Kurisu: “Time is going by too fast.”
Kurisu: “I could really use a word with Einstein right now.”
Kurisu: “Time is not absolute.”
Kurisu: “Einstein proved that time could be fast or slow, depending on the observer.”
Kurisu: “Hey, Okabe.”
Kurisu: “The theory of relativity is so romantic...”
Kurisu: “...and so sad, don’t you think?”
UNSPOKEN: How does Kurisu feel about me?
UNSPOKEN: In the end, she never really answered my question.
UNSPOKEN: Early morning, Akihabara Station.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is standing before the entrance with her huge suitcase beside her.
UNSPOKEN: She waves to me shyly as I approach.
UNSPOKEN: Then she blushes and shoots me her usual glare.
UNSPOKEN: After that kiss, Kurisu went back to her hotel to pack. That suitcase must hold everything that she brought to Japan.
UNSPOKEN: She’s going back to America.
Kurisu: “...Well then.”
Rintaro: “Are you sure I shouldn’t call Mayuri and Daru?”
Kurisu: “...I think that would just make it harder.”
Kurisu: “But you, I have no trouble leaving behind.”
Rintaro: “...”
Kurisu: “...That was a joke.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks like she’s about to cry.
UNSPOKEN: I’m sure I look just as sad.
UNSPOKEN: But I won’t cry.
UNSPOKEN: I don’t have that right.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Just take it. It’s not even that bulky.”
UNSPOKEN: I wanted to give her Future Gadget No. 7: Ghost in the Ball, but it was too big.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu accepts Bamboo Helicam with a strained smile.
Kurisu: “Oh, fine. I guess I’ll take it.”
UNSPOKEN: And then, silence.
UNSPOKEN: No words of farewell.
UNSPOKEN: We just look at each other.
Rintaro: “Sorry I couldn’t go with you to Aomori...”
Kurisu: “Yeah...”
Kurisu: “But these two weeks were fun, in their own way.”
Kurisu: “Give my regards to Mayuri and Hashida, okay?”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu spreads her arms wide.
UNSPOKEN: Without a moment’s hesitation, I step forward, and embrace the girl genius one last time.
Kurisu: “Hang in there, Okabe.”
Rintaro: “...Stay well.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu smiles faintly, then turns and walks toward the entrance with suitcase in hand.
UNSPOKEN: I watch her go, unable to move a muscle.
UNSPOKEN: I want to stop her.
UNSPOKEN: I want to wrap my arms around her and tell her to stay with me forever.
UNSPOKEN: But I can’t.
UNSPOKEN: This is what we decided.
UNSPOKEN: To save Mayuri.
UNSPOKEN: To save the future.
UNSPOKEN: I’m sorry, Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t save you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu will disappear.
UNSPOKEN: She’ll be left behind on this worldline.
UNSPOKEN: There is no place for her in the coming world.
Rintaro: “I...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “--!”
UNSPOKEN: There, in the doorway, stands Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Her face is flushed. Was she running?
UNSPOKEN: Why is she here?
UNSPOKEN: She should be on her way to the airport right now.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is looking at me.
UNSPOKEN: Her eyes are glistening, but her face is all smiles.
UNSPOKEN: Did she come back for me?
UNSPOKEN: In a split second of frozen time, I imagine I hear her voice.
UNSPOKEN: “We didn’t say goodbye,” she says.
UNSPOKEN: Immediately afterward, my finger strikes the enter key.
UNSPOKEN: The world starts to warp.
UNSPOKEN: The timeline is being rewritten.
UNSPOKEN: I feel my consciousness being sucked into the vortex.
UNSPOKEN: Reading Steiner.
UNSPOKEN: Divergence is changing.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “I don’t want to deny who I’ve been. Because even my failures are a part of who I am today.”
UNSPOKEN: I gaze once more upon the scrap heap that was Future Gadget No. 8.
UNSPOKEN: We stripped it down to the last bolt and circuit board. Surely no one can rebuild it now.
UNSPOKEN: Time travel is too much power for any human to wield.
UNSPOKEN: We don’t need D-Mails or time leaps.
UNSPOKEN: Even if nothing in the future is guaranteed.
UNSPOKEN: Even though I may die tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: Life was never meant to be redone.
UNSPOKEN: And that’s fine by me.
UNSPOKEN: Wouldn’t you say so too, Kurisu?
UNSPOKEN: I look up at the sky, and even though it’s the middle of the day, I can see a single star shining.
UNSPOKEN: Maybe it’s Venus.
UNSPOKEN: Which suddenly reminds me.
Kurisu: “Going to the past is possible right now. Look into the sky at night, and you can see how things were tens of thousands of years ago.”
UNSPOKEN: Every night, we casually travel through time.
UNSPOKEN: That’s what Kurisu said.
UNSPOKEN: And each and every word she spoke, I carve into my heart.
UNSPOKEN: So that I’ll never let them slip from memory.
UNSPOKEN: For as long as my life endures.
UNSPOKEN: She said to meet her on the roof of Radi-Kan.
UNSPOKEN: When I get there, I find it cordoned off. The roof was off-limits to begin with, but now it’s also part of a crime scene. As if I needed another reminder of the murder that took place here three weeks ago.
UNSPOKEN: I duck under the yellow tape and open the door.
UNSPOKEN: The lock is still broken.
UNSPOKEN: I can hardly breathe after running up the stairs to get here. As I gasp for air, I look across the stark white concrete.
UNSPOKEN: And naturally, my eyes go straight to the satellite sitting smack-dab in the middle of the roof.
Rintaro: “No way...”
Mayuri: “Wow! What’s that?”
Itaru: “It’s a robot, right? The transforming kind?”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Daru are just as surprised.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Um, do I know you?”
Rintaro: “No...”
Kurisu: “You came down from the roof just now, didn’t you?”
UNSPOKEN: She looks at me with those beautiful eyes, eyes shining with intelligence and strength of will.
UNSPOKEN: I thought I would never see her again.
UNSPOKEN: But now.
UNSPOKEN: Now, before my very eyes, is the girl I love.
UNSPOKEN: Tears well up in my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: I want to embrace her right this instant.
UNSPOKEN: It takes everything I have to resist the urge.
UNSPOKEN: Don’t forget. This is our first meeting.
UNSPOKEN: This Kurisu doesn’t know me.
Kurisu: “I heard a strange sound from the roof. Is that why the building shook just now?”
Kurisu: “What’s going on? It’s not Doctor Nakabachi’s doing, is it?”
UNSPOKEN: Why did I have to run into Kurisu, of all people?
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t answer. I’m afraid that if I speak, I’ll be unable to contain my emotions.
UNSPOKEN: The memory of her last smile is burned into my mind, imploring me to act.
Kurisu: “Are you listening? You’re sweating like crazy.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks at me with suspicion.
UNSPOKEN: What would happen if I were to grab Kurisu and run? 
UNSPOKEN: Would divergence change? Would her murder be averted?
UNSPOKEN: I recall all the times Mayuri died. I recall all the times I time leaped to save her.
UNSPOKEN: Everything I tried ended in vain.
UNSPOKEN: I was unable to save her even once.
UNSPOKEN: No matter what I did, the world itself killed her.
UNSPOKEN: Won’t it be the same with Kurisu?
UNSPOKEN: Should I even try?
UNSPOKEN: I reach towards Kurisu, my hand shaking.
Kurisu: “Hey!”
UNSPOKEN: She steps back in surprise and fear, clutching a manila envelope to her chest.
UNSPOKEN: This is our first meeting. I know that. But to me, she’s still the girl I love. 
UNSPOKEN: If I’d been thinking straight a second ago, I would have realized that my plan to grab her and flee wasn’t going to work. Kurisu would never follow some strange man she only just met.
UNSPOKEN: Running isn’t an option.
UNSPOKEN: All I can do is wait at the scene of the crime.
UNSPOKEN: Fighting against the urge to stay, I force myself to turn and leave.
Kurisu: “Please answer my question!”
UNSPOKEN: But Kurisu pursues me.
UNSPOKEN: Why is she so desperate to know who I am?
UNSPOKEN: I do look suspicious. I’ll admit that.
UNSPOKEN: But if she thinks I’m dangerous, why would she come alone?
UNSPOKEN: I turn around reluctantly and meet Kurisu’s stare.
Kurisu: “...Answer me.”
Rintaro: “...”
Rintaro: “Can I--”
UNSPOKEN: The words catch in my throat.
UNSPOKEN: Can I save her?
UNSPOKEN: I don’t know.
UNSPOKEN: All I know is that convergence is merciless and cruel, and that I am powerless to stop it.
Kurisu: “Can you... what?”
Rintaro: “...”
UNSPOKEN: I shake my head, then bolt for the stairs before Kurisu can react.
Kurisu: “W-wait! Stop!”
UNSPOKEN: When I make it back to the 8th floor, the presentation has already started.
UNSPOKEN: I peek in through the door of the assembly hall.
Rintaro: “Who the hell am I!? Someone who knows you for a fraud, that’s who!”
UNSPOKEN: Someone in the audience is shouting at Doctor Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: And that someone is me.
UNSPOKEN: Now I remember. I confronted Doctor Nakabachi in the middle of his presentation. I called him a fraud for ripping off John Titor’s posts.
UNSPOKEN: From this angle, I look like a real asshole.
Nakabachi: “S-someone throw that man out!”
UNSPOKEN: Staff members approach. Damn, this is embarrassing.
UNSPOKEN: But there’s nothing I can do here. I need to leave before Kurisu appears.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu?
UNSPOKEN: There’s no one with her.
UNSPOKEN: I didn’t expect Kurisu to be the first to appear.
UNSPOKEN: What is she doing back here? This area is for employees only.
UNSPOKEN: Now that I think about it, Kurisu’s murder made no sense.
UNSPOKEN: Why was she killed in a place she would normally never come?
UNSPOKEN: Careful to keep quiet, I watch Kurisu from the shadows.
UNSPOKEN: About five meters down the hall, she stops walking and leans against the wall.
UNSPOKEN: She’s holding that manila envelope I saw her with earlier. She peeks inside and smiles softly.
UNSPOKEN: Why is she smiling?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu rarely smiles like that.
UNSPOKEN: I mean, it’s more like her to glare at people.
UNSPOKEN: That envelope...
UNSPOKEN: I search my memories again. When Kurisu approached me during Nakabachi’s presentation, I’m pretty sure she was holding that envelope. 
UNSPOKEN: But did she have it when I discovered her body?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “...!?”
UNSPOKEN: Doctor Nakabachi!
UNSPOKEN: I slap a hand over my mouth to keep from shouting in astonishment.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu and Doctor Nakabachi know each other!?
Suzuha: “Oh, one more thing. Watch out for Doctor Nakabachi.”
UNSPOKEN: Something else occurs to me.
UNSPOKEN: Why would Kurisu, an accomplished scientist, attend the presentation of a man like Nakabachi?
UNSPOKEN: He’s just a two-bit inventor. Only fifteen people came to hear him speak, and that’s including trolls like me. There wasn’t even any press coverage.
UNSPOKEN: Besides, Kurisu hates time travel science.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Stop!”
Nakabachi: “...!?”
UNSPOKEN: I ram him with my shoulder as hard as I can, knocking him away from Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu gasps for breath.
Kurisu: “Guh, gah hoh gah hoh gah hoh...”
Nakabachi: “Who the hell are you!?”
Rintaro: “I won’t let you kill Kurisu!”
UNSPOKEN: I’m going to save Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: I’m going to save her and change the future.
UNSPOKEN: Even a weakling like me can pin down an old man like Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: Then I can get Suzuha to call the police and--
UNSPOKEN: The memory of Kurisu’s body flashes through my mind.
UNSPOKEN: No! It won’t turn out like that!
UNSPOKEN: Steadying himself with one hand against the wall, Nakabachi gets to his feet and looks straight at me. 
UNSPOKEN: The instant our eyes meet, his face twists in rage.
Nakabachi: “You!”
Nakabachi: “You’re the brat who ruined my presentation!”
UNSPOKEN: His presentation?
UNSPOKEN: Right, of course. I called him out on his lies in the middle of his presentation. Nakabachi is mistaking me for my past self -- understandable, since we look exactly the same.
Nakabachi: “How dare you show your face before me!? Why does everyone get in my way!?”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Stop it, Papa!”
Nakabachi: “Don’t tell me what to do!”
UNSPOKEN: I look up in surprise.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi has taken a screwdriver from a toolbox left in the passage.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is walking towards him, pleading with him to stop. She’s completely defenseless.
UNSPOKEN: No, Kurisu! Stay away from him! You’re the one in danger, not me!
UNSPOKEN: Just when I thought I’d disarmed him, he finds something else!
UNSPOKEN: Even a screwdriver can kill with enough force behind it.
Rintaro: “Run, Kurisu!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at me, but she doesn’t move.
UNSPOKEN: Why won’t she run away!?
Kurisu: “This is crazy, Papa! Please stop!”
Nakabachi: “What do you know? What do you know!?”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi has completely lost his mind.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing she can say will reach him.
Nakabachi: “If only you’d never been born!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi turns to Kurisu, brandishing his screwdriver.
UNSPOKEN: But Kurisu still doesn’t run away.
Kurisu: “Guh...!”
UNSPOKEN: Blood spurts from the arm Kurisu used to guard her face.
UNSPOKEN: She’s going to die. I have to do something!
UNSPOKEN: I grip the knife firmly in my hands.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu won’t die if I kill Nakabachi first.
UNSPOKEN: That image again!
UNSPOKEN: Stop getting in my way!
UNSPOKEN: I won’t be tied to that past!
UNSPOKEN: I need to do this. To change the future. To save Kurisu!
Rintaro: “NAKABACHI!”
UNSPOKEN: As Nakabachi raises his arm for another blow, I thrust my knife at his unprotected back.
Kurisu: “NO!”
UNSPOKEN: Through the knife, my hand feels resistance.
UNSPOKEN: The sensation of tearing through flesh, scraping bone.
UNSPOKEN: It’s surprisingly tough.
UNSPOKEN: But at the same time, I feel the flesh pulsating.
UNSPOKEN: It shifts in time with my victim’s breath.
UNSPOKEN: I--
UNSPOKEN: Stabbed--
Kurisu: “Ah... guh...!”
UNSPOKEN: I stabbed--
Rintaro: “wh...y...”
UNSPOKEN: I can’t believe my eyes.
UNSPOKEN: What happened?
UNSPOKEN: I tried to stab Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: The blade should have pierced his back.
UNSPOKEN: And yet--
UNSPOKEN: At the last minute, Kurisu forced herself between us, as if... as if to protect Nakabachi.
Rintaro: “Why...”
UNSPOKEN: Strength drains from Kurisu’s body. She slumps against me, her head on my shoulder.
Nakabachi: “Ha... hahahaha! A fitting end for you fools, hahahaha!”
UNSPOKEN: Laughing maniacally, Nakabachi picks up the dropped thesis and runs to the elevator at the far end of the hall.
UNSPOKEN: I can’t chase him.
UNSPOKEN: I know what’s going to happen if I don’t stop him, but I can’t take a single step.
UNSPOKEN: Is this the joke? Is this the punchline?
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Why...”
UNSPOKEN: The only thing I can do... is ask.
Kurisu: “Because... he’s still... my father.”
Kurisu: “I just... wanted him... to accept me...”
Kurisu: “I studied... so hard... hoping he would... praise me...”
Kurisu: “But now... I finally... understand...”
Kurisu: “Papa... didn’t want... to accept me...”
Kurisu: “I’m such... an idiot...”
Kurisu: “Why... did I save him... I wonder...”
Kurisu: “I’m... sorry... for getting you... involved...”
Kurisu: “Ugh... it hurts...”
Kurisu: “Am I... going to die?”
Kurisu: “I don’t want to die...”
Kurisu: “I don’t want it... to end... like this...”
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is fading fast.
UNSPOKEN: Don’t die. Please don’t die on me!
UNSPOKEN: But my prayers are in vain.
Kurisu: “Help... me...”
Kurisu: “He...lp...”
Kurisu: “...”
UNSPOKEN: Her body suddenly grows heavy. I can no longer hear the sound of her breathing.
UNSPOKEN: And yet, the blood from her wound is still warm.
UNSPOKEN: I killed her.
UNSPOKEN: I killed her.
UNSPOKEN: The one who killed Kurisu...
UNSPOKEN: Was me.
Rintaro: “Ah... ah...”
Rintaro: “AHHHHHHHHHHH!”
UNSPOKEN: As I scream, another me looks down from above.
UNSPOKEN: As he hears the sound of my despair, the last piece of the puzzle clicks into place.
UNSPOKEN: The scream I heard that day... was my own.
Suzuha: “Uncle Okarin!”
UNSPOKEN: Someone pulls at my arm.
Suzuha: “Come on! Get up!”
UNSPOKEN: I feel hands slip under my shoulders and drag me away.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “You’re stealing my work? I didn’t think even you would do something like--”
UNSPOKEN: Do those words not echo in his ears too? How can he stand there and present his murdered daughter’s work as if it were his own, and look so proud of himself while doing it?
UNSPOKEN: I hear my teeth grinding in my head.
Nakabachi: “Originally, this envelope was in my checked baggage. If it had stayed there, then it would have burned up in the cargo hold, and humanity’s dreams along with it.”
Nakabachi: “However! Fate intervened on my behalf, as if God himself had decreed that my greatness should be known across the world!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi thrusts his open hand at the camera.
Nakabachi: “Behold the vessel of God’s grace! Because this was inside the envelope, it set off the metal detector.”
Nakabachi: “As a result, I had to take the envelope with me on the plane!”
Nakabachi: “The pilot is a hero, yes. But the true hero, the savior of humanity’s future, is this tiny figurine!”
UNSPOKEN: Sitting in the palm of his hand is a lump of silvery metal barely five centimeters tall.
Mayuri: “AHHH!”
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri points at the screen.
UNSPOKEN: I look closer.
UNSPOKEN: That lump of metal in Nakabachi’s hand.
UNSPOKEN: It’s not just any lump of metal.
Mayuri: “That’s my Metal Upa! Look! See there? It has Mayushii’s name on it!”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “I...”
Kurisu: “Eh?”
Rintaro: “...I’m going to save you.”
UNSPOKEN: Leave everything to me.
Kurisu: “What?”
UNSPOKEN: I say no more. If I tell her everything, she’ll have no reason to talk to the first me.
UNSPOKEN: On July 28th, she came to me during Nakabachi’s presentation. She claimed that I had tried to tell her something, then proceeded to drag me out into the hallway for further questioning.
UNSPOKEN: That is part of my experience. This should be enough to ensure that it happens exactly as I remember.
UNSPOKEN: I pat Kurisu on the shoulder, then race back up the stairs.
Kurisu: “W-wait!”
UNSPOKEN: I run to the sixth floor, then creep up towards the seventh floor landing until I can just make out the capsule toy machines.
UNSPOKEN: As expected, there’s the first me about to turn the lever in Mayuri’s stead.
Mayuri: “Ah, it’s an Upa!”
Rintaro: “Is it rare?”
Mayuri: “It’s not rare, but isn’t it just so cute? Mayushii loves Upa!”
UNSPOKEN: I grin to myself.
UNSPOKEN: It worked. The order changed.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri now has a regular Upa, not the metal one I gave her the first time.
UNSPOKEN: And that means...
Presenter: “Thank you all for coming to Doctor Nakabachi’s Time Machine Press Conference.”
UNSPOKEN: The presentation is about to begin.
UNSPOKEN: The first me heads up to the eighth floor.
UNSPOKEN: But Mayuri doesn’t move. She takes out a pen and starts signing the Upa.
UNSPOKEN: Just as planned.
UNSPOKEN: When Doctor Nakabachi defected to Russia on August 21st, he had Mayuri’s Metal Upa with him.
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “...I wanted to talk.”
Nakabachi: “...”
Kurisu: “Are you listening, Papa?”
UNSPOKEN: Even the words she speaks are the same.
Nakabachi: “What is that?”
Kurisu: “I heard you were giving a presentation on time travel.”
Kurisu: “So I thought about it too. Could it be possible to make a time machine?”
UNSPOKEN: The atmosphere is far from pleasant. Nakabachi doesn’t even try to hide his displeasure.
UNSPOKEN: And the first me is probably at fault for that. At least partially.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like it’s about time for Nakabachi to go ballistic.
UNSPOKEN: I grip the Cyalume Saber and make one final check.
UNSPOKEN: It’s already dimmed down. Now all I have to do is remove the cap at the tip, and the fake blood will--
Rintaro: “...!?”
UNSPOKEN: My breath catches in my throat.
UNSPOKEN: In the darkness of my hiding spot, I bring the Cyalume Saber close to my eyes and peer inside.
UNSPOKEN: The fake blood has begun to coagulate.
UNSPOKEN: No. This shouldn’t happen. I was certain the liquid would remain fluid for around 30 minutes after losing luminescence.
UNSPOKEN: Was it defective!?
UNSPOKEN: Come to think of it, we never tested the Cyalume Saber.
UNSPOKEN: It can only be used once before the tube needs to be replaced. Given the lab’s financial situation, we thought it would be a waste to use it, so we never did.
UNSPOKEN: How could I have failed to consider this possibility!?
UNSPOKEN: If I’d had half a brain, I would have brought a spare!
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Rintaro: “Stop!”
UNSPOKEN: Calmly, I step out from my hiding spot.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi looks at me in disbelief. His eyes are wide and bloodshot.
Nakabachi: “You!”
Nakabachi: “You’re the brat who ruined my presentation!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi lets go of Kurisu.
Kurisu: “Guh, gah hoh gah hoh gah hoh...”
Nakabachi: “How dare you show your face before me!? Why does everyone get in my way!?”
Nakabachi: “I know! You and Kurisu planned this, didn’t you? Didn’t you!?”
Nakabachi: “You brats won’t get away with this!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi pulls the knife from his pocket.
UNSPOKEN: Its blade reflects cold light. Once I see that glint, I laugh disdainfully.
Rintaro: “Try it, if you dare.”
Nakabachi: “You... who are you!?”
Rintaro: “My name...”
Rintaro: “Is Hououin Kyouma!”
Nakabachi: “What!?”
Rintaro: “’Houou’ for ’phoenix’, then ’in’, and finally the ’terrible truth’ that must never be revealed! Hououin Kyouma!”
Rintaro: “I am the Bringer of Chaos. The Destroyer of Order.”
Rintaro: “And I am the one who will end your ambition!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu staggers to her feet with her hand to her neck.
Kurisu: “Run away!”
Rintaro: “Never!”
UNSPOKEN: I dismiss Kurisu’s plea, and instead turn to Nakabachi with my arms spread wide.
Rintaro: “What’s wrong, Doctor Nakabachi? Aren’t you going to kill me? Or have you lost your nerve?”
Rintaro: “Of course, a mere mortal can never slay a god such as I! Muhahaha!”
Nakabachi: “You little...!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi goes into a frenzy. He charges me with his knife point-first.
Kurisu: “No! Papa, stop!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi has completely lost his mind. I can see it in his eyes.
UNSPOKEN: He won’t stop.
UNSPOKEN: And if he won’t stop...
UNSPOKEN: Then I’ll stop him. With my own body.
Rintaro: “You can’t kill me! You’re nothing!”
Nakabachi: “DIE!”
UNSPOKEN: The knife approaches. Its point glitters menacingly in the dim light. 
UNSPOKEN: Inches away. I don’t move a muscle.
UNSPOKEN: This is my last chance.
UNSPOKEN: I’ll do whatever it takes!
Rintaro: “Gah... ha...!”
Nakabachi: “Haha... hehehe... hehehehehe...”
UNSPOKEN: Intense pain rips through my abdomen.
UNSPOKEN: I feel the cold steel sink into my body.
UNSPOKEN: He did it...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “Don’t move!”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu runs up to me.
UNSPOKEN: She holds me and supports my body.
Kurisu: “Lie down! I’ll call an ambulance!”
UNSPOKEN: What is she doing trying to help me? Didn’t she hear me threaten to kill her?
UNSPOKEN: You’re too soft-hearted for a tsundere. Back when I was trying to save Mayuri, you were always the one who saved me. So this time--
Rintaro: “I’m going to save you.”
Kurisu: “What--”
Kurisu: “----”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu convulses.
UNSPOKEN: Strength leaves the legs she used to support me.
UNSPOKEN: She collapses.
UNSPOKEN: I’m sorry.
UNSPOKEN: I send her my silent apology.
Rintaro: “I’ll be sure... to have my way with your daughter... before I kill her...”
Rintaro: “But first... is you, Nakabachi!”
Rintaro: “Muhahahaha...”
Nakabachi: “Heeeeee!”
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi tosses his knife away with a pitiful cry.
UNSPOKEN: He takes a step back. Two steps back.
Nakabachi: “Hyeehhhhhh!”
UNSPOKEN: Firing the stungun once more does the trick. Nakabachi turns and flees down the hallway toward the elevators.
UNSPOKEN: But first, he makes sure to pick up the envelope Kurisu dropped. How shrewd of him.
Rintaro: “Haah... haah... haah...”
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---
Kurisu: “It’s you!”
UNSPOKEN: That voice.
UNSPOKEN: That face.
UNSPOKEN: That hair.
UNSPOKEN: Those eyes.
UNSPOKEN: Makise Kurisu is standing there, the same as I remember her.
Kurisu: “I’ve been looking everywhere for you!”
Kurisu: “Ever since you saved my life.”
Kurisu: “I was afraid I’d never have a chance to say thank you.”
Kurisu: “I’m so glad we could finally meet.”
Kurisu: “Thank you. Thank you so much.”
Kurisu: “And thank goodness you’re alright.”
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu looks so radiant as she tries to hold back her tears.
UNSPOKEN: Just when I thought I had finally suppressed it, all my love for her flows out at once.
UNSPOKEN: I’m so happy that I want to cry too.
UNSPOKEN: So, to hide my embarrassment, I take out my phone and put it to my ear.
Rintaro: “It’s me. Why is she here? Reading Steiner didn’t activate.”
Rintaro: “What? Protect her!? Heh... that’s a tall order, my friend.”
Rintaro: “But if that is the choice of Steins Gate... then so be it. El Psy Kongroo.”
UNSPOKEN: I close my phone and clear my throat.
UNSPOKEN: I have no idea what to say.
UNSPOKEN: She’s still staring at me with those wide, pleading eyes.
UNSPOKEN: I open my mouth.
Rintaro: “We meet again, Christina.”
Kurisu: “How many times do I have to tell you!? I’m not Christina, or your assistant or--”
Rintaro: “...!?”
Kurisu: “Eh?”
UNSPOKEN: Now I really have no idea what to say.
UNSPOKEN: How does this Kurisu know about that?
UNSPOKEN: Those were the names I used to tease Kurisu.
UNSPOKEN: She always got mad whenever I used them.
UNSPOKEN: They were our bond, our private joke.
UNSPOKEN: But I had yet to use them on the day we first met at Radi-Kan.
UNSPOKEN: So how could this worldline’s Kurisu know?
Kurisu: “Huh? I... why did I say that?”
Kurisu: “Words just... popped into my head...”
UNSPOKEN: It looks like Kurisu is as confused as I am.
UNSPOKEN: She stares at me, bewildered.
UNSPOKEN: And then, I finally realize the truth.
UNSPOKEN: Everyone has Reading Steiner.
UNSPOKEN: Even if the worldline changes. Even if the past and the future are rewritten.
UNSPOKEN: Your memories remain.
UNSPOKEN: You’ve merely forgotten. All it takes is a push, and you can remember.
UNSPOKEN: The memories of those lost three weeks.
UNSPOKEN: The memories we made together.
Rintaro: “Welcome back, my assistant, Makise Kurisu -- no, Christina.”
UNSPOKEN: I reach into my pocket and take out the last pin.
UNSPOKEN: Nobody knows what the future holds.
UNSPOKEN: And that is why, just as this reunion demonstrates, the possibilities are endless.
UNSPOKEN: I place the pin in Kurisu’s hand. I gently close her hand in mine.
UNSPOKEN: And, holding back my tears, I tell her...
NOTE: ---NEW_CONV---