Kurisu: However, all of these models are purely theoretical. Some of them even contradict each other.
Rintaro: Well, what if someone comes up with a 12th model?
Kurisu: Hm? Ahh, uhh, right, well... It could be contradicted by the 13th model, now couldn’t it? By the way, time travel to the future is available to us right now, according to Einstein’s special theory of relativity. For example, let’s say someone were to go to Haneda Airport and board a plane headed to Okinawa. Upon arrival, that person would be about one hundred millionth of a second farther into the future than I am. According to the special theory of relativity, time moves slower for objects as they approach the speed of light. For example, if you could run at near the speed of light, you could reach a point where time only moves half as fast for you. If you were to keep running at that speed for 24 hours, 48 hours would elapse in the rest of the world, meaning you would ’jump’ one day into the future. Understand, Hououin Kyouma?
Rintaro: Gah!
Professor: But that’s not really time travel, is it?
Kurisu: Yes, you’re right.
Professor: Then what about going to the past?
Kurisu: Going to the past is possible right now. Take a look at the sky at night. You can see light from tens of thousands of years ago, can’t you?
Student: That’s not time travel either!
Kurisu: Well, I was just getting started. Let’s say we wanted to make a machine that could physically transport people through time. What would we need? The best candidates for this are cosmic strings and wormholes. A cosmic string is a string-shaped ’crevice’ with extreme mass. The crevice is about as wide as an elementary particle, and at least as long as the diameter of a galaxy. It has immense mass, so it distorts space-time. If you were to travel through that distortion, you could make a full circle around the string in less than 360 degrees. In short, you can do something resembling a warp. This is called a space-time angular deficit. When you pass through an area of angular deficit, transit time becomes zero. Now we apply this to a cosmic string moving at near-light speed. According to the special theory of relativity, time will flow slower for the cosmic string in relation to its surroundings. Therefore, passing through the area of angular deficit would cause the transit time to become negative instead of zero. In other words, you will arrive in the past after transit. If you use two cosmic strings, you can do a space deficit jump. If you loop back to your original location, you can return to the same time you started revolving. And that, roughly speaking, is time travel by means of cosmic strings. By the way, just so nobody misunderstands, cosmic strings are not the same as superstrings. Now then, you need three things in order to travel to the past with cosmic strings. First. The cosmic strings themselves. Two strings, to be exact. By the way, they are hypothesized to exist only where the universe was first formed, so they might be a little hard to find. Second. You would need the energy required to make them move them at near-light speed. How much energy do you think you’d need to accelerate something as long as the Milky Way to near the speed of light? I’m pretty sure it’s a little more than 1. 21 jigowatts.