Rintaro: You can’t call physics the study of natural phenomena, then decide some things don’t count!
Kurisu: True, but...
Rintaro: And that’s why we must investigate the phenomenon of sending emails to the past. You shall assist me!
Kurisu: No. I won’t have a hand in your fringe science. I won’t make the same mistake my father did.
Rintaro: Your father?
Kurisu: You make a fine argument, but it won’t work in the scientific community. The day you decide to research time travel is the day you’re out of a job.
Rintaro: How can you be so certain?
Kurisu: Because that’s what happened to my father. My father, a physicist, loved time machines. He was so fascinated by Wells’s ’The Time Machine’ that he seriously studied time travel. But because of his obsession, he was practically exiled from the scientific community. I will never get involved with time travel research! ...I’m sorry. I got emotional.
Rintaro: Muhahaha! Don’t worry about it! I wanted to test your character, so I made you angry on purpose!
Kurisu: ...Huh? ...Anyway, the PhoneWave isn’t a time machine. Email is a manmade system, so this phenomenon should be explainable in the scope of that system.
Rintaro: I understand. I had no idea you hate time machines that much. It’s almost like an allergy.
Rintaro: I apologize for forcing you to become a lab mem. You don’t have to come again.
Kurisu: ...I wasn’t planning on it.
Rintaro: But know this, Christina.
Kurisu: Don’t call me Christina.
Rintaro: Lab Mem Number 004 will be a retired number. That number... is yours forever.
Kurisu: You look ridiculous!
Rintaro: What are you doing!? You’ve ruined my perfectly-staged exit scene! And you call yourself my assistant!?
Kurisu: No, I don’t call myself your assistant! And besides, I still have something to ask you! I asked you about this before, but you said I got stabbed, right? I demand an explanation.
Rintaro: That was just something I hallucinated.
Kurisu: Why would you dream about me?
Rintaro: I don’t know. And it wasn’t a dream. It was a hallucination.
Kurisu: You said something about Doctor Nakabachi, didn’t you?
Rintaro: Doctor Nakabachi held a time machine presentation at Radi-Kan that day.
Kurisu: That presentation was canceled because of the satellite crash.
Rintaro: So it seems. But in my hallucination, the presentation proceeded as planned. Mayuri and I went to see it, and you came over to flirt with me.
Kurisu: I don’t flirt. Especially not with idiots like you.
Rintaro: Like I said, it wasn’t real, okay? No... maybe this world is what isn’t real. That would explain the riddle of the PhoneWave (name subject to change). If this world is some kind of simulation, then we can disregard the laws of physics.
Kurisu: Escapism? That’s unexpectedly chicken of you.
Rintaro: It’s a hypothesis. Your favorite thing.
Kurisu: So who stabbed me? Don’t tell me it was you.
Rintaro: You were already dead when I got there. I didn’t see who did it.
Kurisu: I don’t get it. Why do I have to die in your mind? You have something against me?