Kurisu: You’re so full of yourself.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, you not going home? You can walk with us to the station if you want.
Kurisu: Thanks. But I’m going to stay here a little longer.
Mayuri: Okay. See you later! Tutturu♪
Luka: Excuse me.
Kurisu: Well?
Rintaro: Well, what?
Kurisu: I’m asking for an explanation. What’s this about the IBN 5100 and SERN? Hey, Okabe.
Rintaro: ...What? What did you just call me?
Kurisu: I called you O-Okabe.
Rintaro: You called me Okabe?
Itaru: Time out, time out!
Rintaro: Did you just call me Okabe?
Kurisu: ...I did. Problem? Yes, I’m younger than you, but you insist on calling me by ridiculous names like Christina and Zombie, so I don’t think I need to show you any respect by adding ’-san’, and besides--
Rintaro: That’s not the problem!
Kurisu: !!
Rintaro: I am not Okabe! I am HOUOUIN KYOUMA! How many times do I have to tell you, Christina!? ...God, you’re so full of yourself.
Rintaro: From now on, call me Hououin. That or Kyouma.
Kurisu: No.
Rintaro: Are you... crying?
Kurisu: I’m not crying! It’s not like I was scared of you for a second there or anything, and I definitely wasn’t relieved when you started talking like an idiot again, okay!?
Rintaro: Daru, why is my assistant crying?
Itaru: Uh, she said so herself just now.
Rintaro: All I did was correct her on my name.
Itaru: Maybe she only acts strong but is actually weak on the inside. That would be pretty moe.
Kurisu: Hey, aren’t you going to tell me what’s going on? Kya!
Rintaro: I’ll explain in a second. Drink that while you wait.
Kurisu: ...Gee, thanks.
Rintaro: Now then... Sorry for the wait, Christina. Oh? You’re a fan of the Doc, I see.
Kurisu: I’ve lived seven years at its birthplace, after all.
Rintaro: Excellent. We’ll make great drinking buddies.
Kurisu: I’m a minor.
Rintaro: That’s not what I meant. I meant Dr P drinking buddies.
Kurisu: Is that all you drink? SERN certainly is acting strange... but how’s the IBN 5100 involved?
Rintaro: SERN’s database uses an IBN 5100.
Kurisu: So?
Rintaro: Allow me to explain. My trusted Super Hacka, Mister Daru--
Itaru: It’s not super hacka. How many times do I have to tell you?
Rintaro: Super Hacker Mister Daru, has hacked into SERN.
Kurisu: Is that okay? Won’t they catch you?
Itaru: I wouldn’t make a blunder like that.
Kurisu: That’s not what I meant.
Rintaro: As a result, we found evidence that those bastards are researching time travel with the LHC.
Kurisu: The LHC?
Itaru: Seriously. We have the evidence. And guess what? The LHC has been in operation for nine years.
Kurisu: What? Really!?
Rintaro: And they’ve successfully generated mini black holes.
Kurisu: No way... Then why haven’t they made an official announcement!?