Kurisu: I don’t believe in conspiracies, but... If you can prove what you said is real, then I might be surprised. SERN doing time travel research... Ah, but what about the IBN 5100? How is that involved?
Rintaro: SERN’s database uses-- Sorry. Daru, please continue the explanation. So, how far did you get?
Itaru: Up to the point where SERN’s using IBN 5100 code for their database.
Rintaro: So basically, what that means is-- The only way to decrypt that database is to use an IBN 5100 of our own.
Kurisu: How do you know that?
Rintaro: I have my sources.
Kurisu: Setting the IBN 5100 and such aside... I want to see proof that SERN’s really doing that sort of research.
Rintaro: Daru. Will it take much longer to find the server admin’s account?
Itaru: Actually, I was just thinking about doing that. It shouldn’t take more than half a day, I guess.
Rintaro: There you go.
Kurisu: ...I’ll wait until then.
Itaru: You’ll wait? It’s already getting dark. Why not go home for tonight and come back tomorrow morning?
Kurisu: No thanks. I’ll wait. I want to know as soon as possible, even if it’s just a microsecond sooner.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, that’s the spirit. You’re already fascinated by the conspiracy. You can’t help but want to know what lies at the heart of SERN.
Kurisu: If what you guys are saying is true... then this isn’t something to joke about. SERN is the world’s top research institution. If they’re doing secret experiments without publishing their results... They’re making fools of scientists the world over. That’s only if it’s true, though.
Rintaro: Anyway, Daru. I’ll leave it to you.
Kurisu: Can you show me the PhoneWave?
Rintaro: Indeed I can. Want to experiment?
Kurisu: You haven’t been able to send another email to the past yet, right? Do you know why? Let’s run some tests. Man. You have a ton of junk.
Rintaro: It’s not junk! Since you’re new to the Future Gadget Laboratory, I’ll explain. These are the glorious fruits of our science: the Future Gadgets! Future Gadgets 1-7 are stored here. The PhoneWave, with which you are already familiar, is Gadget Number 8.
Kurisu: Future Gadgets, huh... Hey. Isn’t this... a weapon?
Rintaro: Future Gadget No. 4: Moad Snake, designed after a claymore landmine, is an instant humidifier.
Kurisu: How confusing.
Rintaro: Insert water and turn the power on, and in mere seconds, it generates a thick cloud of steam.
Kurisu: So it’s junk. I thought so. I’m borrowing this.
Rintaro: Whoa!
Kurisu: It’s just not right without a lab coat. Hey!
Rintaro: Assistant! You get it, don’t you!?
Kurisu: G-get what? Let go!
Rintaro: If you’re gonna do science, you need a lab coat! Right!? I knew you were meant for this, Christina! You’re the best assistant a mad scientist could ask for!
Kurisu: I don’t know if that’s supposed to be a compliment, but it’s coming off as an insult. Now let go!