Kurisu: Jelly starts with J. J-E-L-L-Y.
Itaru: Pfft, careless mistake. So uncool.
Rintaro: Ahem! What I meant to say is that there’s no way it would have such a simple name. The name’s hiding something important. There has to be a double meaning!
Itaru: Got it! The program began... in 1973.
Rintaro: When was SERN formed?
Kurisu: 1954.
Rintaro: When was the IBN 5100 put on market?
Itaru: 1975. Ugh, a JPEG? Come on! I can’t copypaste this.
Kurisu: Hmmm, the text isn’t in French...
Itaru: Actually, there’s French, Dutch, and German versions too. The content looks the same, though.
Kurisu: ...’SERN’s purpose heading into the 21st Century shall be to establish control over space and time, thereby to enable the destruction of extant history and the creation of an everlasting Utopia, ruled by the Committee, that encompasses the entirety of past and future events.’
Itaru: Oh, right! Makise-shi can do English!
Rintaro: Way to go, assistant! Your study abroad in America was all for the sake of today, wasn’t it!?
Kurisu: Of course not. Stop assigning people roles in your fantasy world. ’In order to maintain this project’s secrecy, and to allow its name to remain relevant in changing circumstances, we designate it the Z Program.’ ’Z, like the Greek Omega or the Cyrillic Ya.’ ’It is forbidden to assign any meaning to this name or to seek in it significance beyond the project itself. Negative returns are predicted should this edict be violated.’ ’The Z Program is a top secret project spanning international borders. Like electromagnetic wave research, it has been approved for top priority funding by the Committee of 300.’ ’Henceforth, all other research performed by SERN shall function to keep the Z Program’s existence secret.’
Rintaro: Is there anything specific about what exactly the Z Program is?
Kurisu: Hmm... ah... here. This... can’t be!
Rintaro: What is it?
Kurisu: ’The purpose of the Z Program is to perform time-space displacement experiments by means of high-energy proton-proton collisions.’
Rintaro: Time travel!
Kurisu: No way... it was true? You’re telling me they’ve been deceiving the world for nearly 40 years?
Rintaro: Just as I suspected. A great shadow lurks behind SERN. Most likely the Organization, or one of its puppets.’
Kurisu: What Organization, you chuunibyou nutjob? At least try to be serious some of the time.
Rintaro: Hmph, don’t be ridiculous. My words are always grounded in truth.
Itaru: Anyway, shouldn’t it be ’the Committee’ instead of ’the Organization’? That’s what it says here.
Kurisu: The Committee of 300? I don’t think they mean SERN’s Executive Council. What are they talking about?
Rintaro: The world is full of lies. It’s not as beautiful as you think.
Itaru: Listen, Okarin...
Rintaro: I am listening. The Committee of 300 is the dark power that controls every secret society, every government, every multinational corporation.
Kurisu: You’re making things up again.