Rintaro: I’ve seen enough.
Kurisu: The sites are spread throughout the world. What can we deduce from this?
Rintaro: They must have sent them to those places.
Kurisu: I don’t think so. It’s too random.
Itaru: There was something about Kerr black holes and gravity, right? Isn’t that the cause?
Kurisu: It is believed that due to infinite compression by supergravity, the subject could not endure passage through the Kerr black hole’s singularity.’ That’s what it said.
Itaru: What’s a Kerr black hole? Is it different from a regular black hole?
Kurisu: It’s a theoretical black hole with a rotating singularity. Their existence hasn’t been proven yet. Not that there’s any way to prove one exists.
Rintaro: That’s right... John Titor! According to Titor, SERN finished their time machine in 2034. And then Titor himself came from 2036. Creating Kerr black holes? That’s insane. If you screw up, it could swallow the Earth... and besides, Kerr black holes are just a theoretical construct.
Rintaro: If Titor’s predictions are a reality, then that means the LHC worst case scenario video on MewTube was right.
Itaru: I don’t know about Titor’s predictions, but I’ve seen the problem video before. It was on the news two or three years ago.
Kurisu: The gravitational forces inside a black hole are unbelievably powerful. It’s certainly possible that passing through one could allow time displacement, but there’s no way a human could do that and come out alive.
Rintaro: That must be how these people got gelified.
Kurisu: It wouldn’t just gelify you. It would tear you apart particle from particle. That’s what a black hole does.
Itaru: Before we discuss this, shouldn’t we look through the rest of their time machine research? Here we go! There’s a file in the Z Program that explains time travel theory.
Kurisu: That was pretty easy to find. SERN should have better security.
Itaru: Their security’s fine. I’m just too good.
Rintaro: Daru is my Favorite Right Arm.
Kurisu: I thought he was your super hacka.
Itaru: Hacker!
Rintaro: So what does it say, Christina?
Kurisu: Umm... can you give me some time to read it? No way... but this is... Is Titor really...?
Rintaro: What are you muttering about? Tell me what it says.
Kurisu: ...Oh, right. You know, this feels like one big joke.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: It’s almost the same. The same as Titor’s theory. Basically... The LHC smashes protons together at 99. 9999991% the speed of light. By doing so, they compress a mass of 10kg into an extremely tiny space of 10m.
Itaru: In Japanese please. Three lines max.
Kurisu: A small mass. Thrust into a narrow space. With great force.
Itaru: That explanation’s too erotic!
Kurisu: Huh? What part of it is erot-- ...Ah! H-Hashida, you pervert!!
Itaru: Sounds like you have a pretty good imagination yourself.
Kurisu: I-I’m not like you!
Rintaro: Don’t listen to this fool, Christina. Continue.
Kurisu: ...ugh. Uh, what were we talking about?
Itaru: Thrusting with great force.
Rintaro: Proton compression.
Kurisu: Right. Successful compression generates a micro-singularity, which--