Kurisu: We don’t know the cause of the discharge phenomenon.
Rintaro: That’s what we need to find out.
Kurisu: In the first place, the emails we’re sending to the past are digital data, not physical objects. That’s a definite difference from SERN’s time machine.
Rintaro: No, we’re doing the same thing. Who’s to say that digital data can’t go through a singularity? I think it would be easier than sending something human-sized.
Kurisu: Well... I suppose that’s true.
Mayuri: You know, the way you guys talk about email... It makes me think of folding a letter into a paper airplane and making it go zoom, you know?
Rintaro: It’s more like a beam of light. Like optical digital data. By the way, it’s a pain to keep saying ’email sent to the past’. Let’s give it a proper name.
Kurisu: I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
Rintaro: What’s that supposed to mean? You dare mock Hououin Kyouma!?
Kurisu: You just want to give it some oddball name, don’t you?
Rintaro: Hmph! How rude. Heed me! I shall name the phenomenon of ’email sent to the past’ as follows. The name shall be... Nostalgia Drive!
Kurisu: Confusing. Rejected.
Rintaro: Why you! Who gave you the authority to reject my ideas!? You’re just an assistant!
Kurisu: Then why don’t we take a vote? All in favor of Nostalgia Drive.
Rintaro: Have you forsaken me, Daru!? Mayuri!?
Mayuri: Chris-chan’s right. It’s too hard for Mayushii to remember.
Itaru: It’s way too chuuni, man.
Rintaro: Fine! Then let’s hear alternatives! Don’t tell me you rejected my idea without having any bright ideas of your own!?
Kurisu: I think it needs to be something easy to understand. It’s an email that regresses through time, so how about Retromail?
Mayuri: What does ’retro’ mean?
Rintaro: Sounds like you have your answer, Christina. You said it should be easy to understand, but it wasn’t easy to understand at all, was it!?
Kurisu: B-but that’s because Mayuri-san is... Uh, n-never mind...
Rintaro: Were you about to say ’because Mayuri’s dumb’?
Kurisu: N-no!
Mayuri: Eh? Chris-chan, do you think Mayushii’s dumb?
Kurisu: I don’t! I promise I don’t! Okay?