Rintaro: Oh? What’s so dangerous about it?
Kurisu: Let’s say you create a time paradox and blow up the world. What do you plan to do then?
Rintaro: Well, I guess we’d be dead.
Kurisu: You’re going to change the past so recklessly? Are you kidding me? Don’t tell me... you’re not seriously trying to bring chaos to the world or whatever, are you?
Itaru: Nah, he’s all talk. It’s fine to ignore him, Makise-shi.
Kurisu: R-really?
Mayuri: Don’t worry! Okarin’s actually a very nice person. You’ll see!
Rintaro: I don’t remember asking for an appraisal, but I’ll answer Christina’s question. My dream is to plunge the world into chaos. However, it is still far too early to bring that dream to fruition. We can only send 36-byte emails. That’s not enough for my purposes. Therefore, I shall set my ambition -- Project Chaotic -- aside for now.
Moeka: Project... Chaotic?
Kurisu: Did you just come up with that?
Itaru: Correct, Makise-shi!
Kurisu: YES.
Itaru: Okarin just says the first thing that comes to mind. He’s always like that.
Rintaro: Don’t analyze me, Daru! And you, assistant! Stop that fist pumping! You making fun of me!?
Mayuri: Um, so what are we going to do?
Itaru: Yeah. How do you want to change the past, anyway?
Rintaro: First of all, the purpose of this experiment is to verify whether or not we can actually change the past. So it doesn’t matter how trivial the change is.
Kurisu: Have you heard of the Butterfly Effect?
Rintaro: Of course.
Itaru: Yeah, it’s like that saying. ’When the wind blows, the bucket maker gains.’
Kurisu: Eh? No, it’s kinda like that, but kinda not...
Rintaro: A butterfly flaps its wings in Beijing and a storm happens in New York, right?
Kurisu: Yeah, that. Part of Chaos Theory. Basically, any change, no matter how small, could have a significant effect on the future. How do you plan to take responsibility for that?
Rintaro: Titor said that the many-worlds interpretation holds true.
Kurisu: And that makes it okay to change the past? You’re going to believe that self-proclaimed time traveler’s delusions?
Rintaro: Can you prove they’re delusions?
Kurisu: I’m asking what you’re going to do if they are. How are you going to deal with the consequences?
Rintaro: Christina, you said this before, did you not? When hypotheses pile up, and theories are verified, they become reality. That’s how modern physics comes to understand the truth of the universe. You’re contradicting yourself.
Kurisu: No, I’m not. We don’t even have a hypothesis for how the PhoneWave works. We’re just fumbling around in the dark here. There are still too many risks to try changing the past. We should wait until we know more.
Rintaro: You’re actually itching to try it out, aren’t you?
Kurisu: W-well...
Rintaro: Besides, didn’t you want to prove that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) isn’t a time machine? If it’s not a time machine, then it can’t change the past. You could prove yourself right, so why are you against it?
Kurisu: Oh shut up...