Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: I don’t know the details, but when the past changed, Kiryu-san’s actions these past four days changed ever so slightly. As a result, the timeline was reconfigured so that Moeka-san didn’t come to the lab today.
Itaru: Is that even possible?
Kurisu: I don’t know. If the fact that the D-Mail was sent is undone, then it becomes a paradox of who sent that D-Mail... And there’s one other thing that I don’t understand.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: What you call Reading Steiner. By the way, you should quit it with that name. It’s stupid.
Rintaro: Hmph, I didn’t ask for your opinion.
Kurisu: By your explanation, you neither sent nor received the D-Mail. Yet how come you’re the only one who remembers what happened before the worldline changed? What if it’s all in your head?
Itaru: Like an imaginary girlfriend. I get it.
Rintaro: No you don’t. I’m not a ’gentleman perv’ like you, creating imaginary relationships.
Kurisu: Maybe this Kiryu-san never existed. Or maybe Kiryu-san does exist, but the fact that she sent a D-Mail was something you made--
Rintaro: Gwaaaah!
Kurisu: ...eh?
Rintaro: Ugh, ggh... my left eye, Reading Steiner, it aches!
Mayuri: Okarin, are you okay?
Rintaro: No, Mayuri! S-stay away! I don’t... want to hurt you!
Mayuri: But Okarin, you look like you’re in pain...
Itaru: ...He’s messing with us, right?
Kurisu: Y-yeah...
Rintaro: I-I’m okay... This aching is normal... it’ll end soon! As long as I have this magic eye... the Organization will keep coming after me! It’s the power to see across time and space... but at the same time, it’s a double-edged sword! Because of this all-seeing eye... I have lost my connection to causality. I drift alone in the space between worlds. But even so... I swore to protect this lab! So quiet thy fury, Reading Steiner! Your time will come... but not yet.
Mayuri: Okarin? Does it hurt?
Rintaro: No... I’m okay now.
Kurisu: W-what? That was just an act, right?
Rintaro: You are wrong, Christina. Our experiments have already proven... That I... That my Reading Steiner is genuine!
Kurisu: Fine, I get it. You’re a chuunibyou patient.
Itaru: Eh?
Mayuri: Hm?
Kurisu: Ah...
Kurisu: Wh-why are you all staring at me? Don’t look at me!
Rintaro: Going home?
Mayuri: Yup.
Kurisu: Do you always stay the night here?
Rintaro: Pretty much. I wouldn’t be a true mad scientist if I couldn’t stay overnight at my lab, immersed in research.
Kurisu: I think you’re putting too much emphasis on appearances.
Mayuri: But you know, this place is really convenient. Mayushii would stay over if mom and dad let me.
Kurisu: Y-you would?
Mayuri: And it’s so close to work too♪ Hey, Chris-chan, why don’t we all stay over some time?
Kurisu: Sure, if the guys aren’t around.
Rintaro: That won’t happen.
Kurisu: Then why don’t you come to my hotel, Mayuri-san?