Kurisu: First I’ve heard of it.
Rintaro: Impossible! ...It’s gone. The IBN 5100 was right here! Where did it go!? Why are you staring at me like that!? The legendary PC that was donated to Yanabayashi Shrine!! You’ve seen it! Remember!?
Mayuri: I don’t remember.
Itaru: Donated to Yanabayashi Shrine? That’s stupid.
Kurisu: You sure you weren’t hallucinating? It’s hot these days. Don’t tell me it was John Titor!? Of course! Titor’s goal was to obtain an IBN 5100! And I’ve already contacted him several times. But how did he get my personal information!?
Kurisu: Calm down. Tell us what happened. You don’t have to be precise. Just say whatever comes to mind. We can work it out later.
Rintaro: Y-yeah...
Kurisu: Hmmm... The IBN 5100 may have disappeared as a result of changes someone made to the past.
Rintaro: Ohh! So you believe me!
Kurisu: But from my perspective, all of the D-Mails we sent so far were trivial.
Mayuri: Um, there’s that one we sent when we first realized PhoneWave-chan was a time machine, right?
Itaru: The one that said ’Okarin is a perv’.
Kurisu: And during the preliminary D-Mail experiments, I sent dozens to Okabe’s phone. But they were all insubstantial, so I don’t think they could’ve changed the past.
Itaru: I sent two of them when I was trying to win the match against Faris.
Kurisu: There was one more. The first mail Okabe accidentally sent that said I was dead.
Rintaro: But from my perspective, we sent several more.
Mayuri: You mean how you sent the winning LOTO SIX numbers? And how Luka-chan bought a ticket with those numbers, but didn’t win?
Kurisu: But nobody aside from Okabe remembers him sending it.
Rintaro: But I showed you guys afterwards. It was still in my phone’s arrival history.
Itaru: We were so close.
Mayuri: Is that all?
Rintaro: No. There’s more. Moeka and Lukako each sent a D-Mail.
Kurisu: Oh, right. That’s what you claim, but Hashida, Mayuri-san, and I don’t remember either of those.
Mayuri: Owww... Mayushii’s getting a headache...
Rintaro: I already told you guys. I’m the only one who keeps his memories after the world changes.
Kurisu: So according to your perspective, when did the IBN 5100 disappear? Did it just happen? When’s the last time you remember seeing it in the lab?
Rintaro: Well... I’m sure... it was August 3rd. I remember it being in the lab on August 3rd.
Kurisu: Are you certain?