Kurisu: I’m okay.
Mayuri: Wow, look at these swimsuits! So much skin! She’s got a great figure, like a gravure idol.
Luka: Must be nice...
Mayuri: Nice? The swimsuits?
Luka: I... don’t have that great a figure...
Mayuri: Don’t worry, Luka-chan. I’m sure you’ll make our big friends breathe hard. And um, plenty of people like flat chests. So even if you don’t have breasts, you should still have confidence in yourself.
Kurisu: Khmmkhmmkhmm!
Mayuri: I know! Once ComiMa’s over, let’s all go on a trip to the beach! Mayushii’s been making costumes all summer. I haven’t had time to play at all. What do you think, guys? A lab mem beach trip!
Luka: Um... all of the lab mems?
Kurisu: I can’t go. I have to go back to America soon, and I haven’t even started packing yet.
Rintaro: Yes, I can see you’re in a rush. I bet you don’t even have time to lounge around and read. Fine, I’ll be blunt. There’s no way I’m swimming with two perverts like you! If it’s just the girl members, I’ll happily go.
Rintaro: Hmph. Be honest, Christina. You just don’t want me to see the Mongolian Spot on your butt!
Kurisu: I don’t have a Mongolian Spot!
Rintaro: Anyway, if it’s just the girl members, then doesn’t that rule out Lukako?
Kurisu: What’s that supposed to mean?
Rintaro: Didn’t we tell you earlier? Lukako is a bonafide guy!
Kurisu: You’re the worst. Where do you get off calling her a guy?
Mayuri: Yeah, Okarin. That’s a terrible thing to say.
Rintaro: Christina. I understand your desire to deny the truth. It’s difficult to imagine that a guy could ever be so cute, but--
Kurisu: Okabe! If you want to give me stupid nicknames, that’s fine -- I mean, it’s not, but... What you said just now is below the belt. I didn’t take you for the kind of guy who thinks it’s funny to hurt people’s feelings, but I guess I was wrong. You’re a real jerk, Okabe.
Rintaro: Huh?
Kurisu: Apologize. Apologize to Urushibara-san right now.
Rintaro: Wait a second. I don’t have to apologize for anything. I just said the tru--
Luka: It’s okay. So that’s how Okabe-san sees me...
Rintaro: No no no! That’s not how I see you, Lukako. You’re a guy, remember!? Or are you denying reality too!?
Kurisu: You’re the one denying reality!
Mayuri: That’s right! Luka-chan’s a girl, Okarin. You’re terrible.
Rintaro: Mayuri, when did you start calling Lukako ’Luka-chan’ instead of ’Luka-kun’?
Kurisu: Cut it out already, Okabe! She’s a girl!