Kurisu: That’s what we’ve been saying!
Luka: hic... ugg... egh...
Kurisu: I want to vivisect your skull and remove your brain for a good washing. Then I’ll submerge it in culture fluid so you can never do anything like that again! Anyway, just be thankful I haven’t reported you to the police.
Rintaro: Yes ma’am. I’m sorry.
Kurisu: Anyway, what in the hell made you think that Urushibara-san was a boy?
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... as I already explained, we changed the past. Lukako was a guy, but he wanted to be a girl, so we sent a D-Mail to make his wish come true. And it worked! I knew the worldline had changed. My magic eye, Reading Steiner, saw the shift in time. But I chose to believe my mundane senses instead. I should have had more faith in my powers! I won’t make that mistake again.
Kurisu: Want some more?
Rintaro: I’m telling the truth. You have to believe me! I can explain this phenomenon logically. When we sent the D-Mail, we changed the past, and all of history changed as a result. My brain perceived that change! Out of all mankind, I alone can perceive changes in causality! I am this world’s observer!
Kurisu: Sit down before I hit you again.
Rintaro: Don’t you understand? I’m the observer, the one who opens the box holding Schrodinger’s cat.
Mayuri: Shredding Gar?
Itaru: Schrodinger’s cat again? The Japanese can’t get enough of that cat.
Kurisu: You’re Japanese too.
Itaru: I’ve had enough Schrodinger, thanks. I do admit that kittehs are cute, though.
Rintaro: Gh... Anyway, my magic eye has the power to perceive changes in the worldline. This power is called Reading Steiner, as I’ve explained.
Kurisu: And I told you that that name was stupid, remember? It’s Engrish, like something from a kid’s manga. Not to mention it’s a grammatical mess, and there’s also the fact that it’s half German, so no consistency there either. It’s stupid. The same goes for that ’Steins Gate’ thing you’re always talking about.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh... looks like you’ve still got that Mongolian Spot on your butt. Eh, Christina? Names are all about feeling! My creativity, comparable to the great Da Vinci himself, cannot be held by the shackles of grammar! Muhah--
Kurisu: Show a little remorse, huh?