Kurisu: And what are you going to do?
Rintaro: Me? I’m going to follow that Part-Time Warrior and report back as the situation changes.
Kurisu: Don’t you dare. Let her be alone with her father.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. You shouldn’t be so quick to reject my plans, Christina. You don’t understand the intricacies of the human psyche. Now that you’ve rejected my plan, there’s no way I’m not going through with it! You have underestimated my pride!
Kurisu: Get over yourself.
Rintaro: Besides, Christina, you and she are enemies, are you not? You protect her from me while plotting her demise? That makes you a hypocrite!
Kurisu: You just don’t have standards, that’s all.
Mayuri: She’s right. I don’t think you should bother her, Okarin. No matter what happens, we need to give her a waaaarm welcome. I’ll do anything to help make this party super special.
Luka: Um, actually, I haven’t met this Suzuha-san...
Mayuri: Suzu-san’s really nice. I’m sure you’ll get along with her too!
Kurisu: Nice?
Rintaro: Anyway, I’m going to tail her now. You guys--
Kurisu: No! Get it through your thick skull!
Rintaro: Dammit, assistant! How dare you give me orders!?
Kurisu: Don’t even think about running off somewhere. Anyway... I hope Amane-san finds her father.
Rintaro: Yeah.
Kurisu: That would be... nice. Hey, Okabe... I’m sorry about before.
Rintaro: Before?
Kurisu: When I hit you with my book. I thought you were just being a pervert. But when I thought about it later, I realized that you were being completely serious. But I acted on impulse, without even considering what you had to say.
Rintaro: Forget it. Regardless of my intentions, the fact of the matter is that I made Lukako cry.
Kurisu: Just to make sure, you’re not a perverted scumbag, are you?
Rintaro: Make sure, my ass! Are you trying to apologize or what!?
Kurisu: I just don’t want to you to use science as an excuse to be a pervert. Not while I’m helping, at least.
Rintaro: What do you take me for? My friends are precious to me. I may be an insane mad scientist with an IQ of 170, but even I have my limits. The PhoneWave (name subject to change) wouldn’t have come this far without you and Daru at my side.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: I am Lab Mem 001, the founder of the lab. If my friends are in danger, I’ll rush to their aid. And I would tear my own limbs off before I knowingly brought harm to any of you.
Kurisu: Pff...
Rintaro: What’s so funny?
Kurisu: That has to be the cheesiest thing you’ve ever said.
Rintaro: Hmph...
Kurisu: Still, it’s nice to hear. The research institute I work at in America is full of talented people from all over the world... but it’s not a friendly place. Everyone thinks he or she is the best. You think you have an ego? Over there, scientists hurl insults at each other on a daily basis. Sometimes they even sabotage each other’s work. When my thesis was chosen to represent the lab, many of the older men complained.