Kurisu: Of course... If it works, then maybe... Maybe we can do it!
Rintaro: Are you serious?
Kurisu: The data compression part, at least, is easy. We can just use the black holes created by the LHC, since black holes compress everything they swallow. Compression won’t harm data like it would harm a human. As long as we’re just sending data, there’s nothing to worry about.
Rintaro: How do you plan to convert humans into data?
Kurisu: You know that my thesis got published, right?
Rintaro: This is no time to flaunt your accomplishments.
Kurisu: Have you read it?
Itaru: I’ve got scans if you want to read it.
Kurisu: The title of my thesis is... ’Analysis of Memory-Related Nerve Impulses in the Temporal Lobe’
Rintaro: ...Temporal lobe? Nerve impulses?
Itaru: What, you didn’t know?
Rintaro: No, wait. This can’t be right. This title sounds like, um, neuroscience, not physics.
Kurisu: I’m a neuroscientist. Got a problem?
Rintaro: No, forget about that. How is this related to time travel?
Kurisu: Converting an entire human to data is impossible. But converting a human’s memories may be possible! Imagine a chest of drawers. Each drawer is filled with tiny boxes, and inside each box is another bunch of tiny boxes. You keep opening boxes until you find the memory you’re looking for. Now, before you ask how this relates to time travel, there’s one more thing I need to explain. Several years ago, my lab -- the Neurophysiology Lab at Victor Condoria University -- developed a technology called Visual Rebuilding, or VR for short. Put simply, it enables conversion of video data into nerve impulse signals. Used in reverse, it can also convert nerve impulses into video data, or any other kind of electronic data. So, if we combine VR technology with my research... do you see where I’m going?
Itaru: ...No way.
Rintaro: We can convert memories into data?
Kurisu: Not just that. Memory transplantation, backups, external storage... all of those things become possible.
Rintaro: So basically, what you’re saying is that we convert the subject’s memories into video data... Use the LHC’s black hole to compress that data into 36 bytes... Send that data through the Kerr black hole inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change)... And finally, imprint those memories on the subject’s brain in the past.
Mayuri: What does that mean?
Kurisu: We can send our memories back in time. In order to differentiate it from physical time travel, let’s call it a ’time leap’ for now. You don’t go back, just your memories. It’s so crazy that nobody’s thought of it before. The important thing to remember is that only memories are being transferred. Personality and consciousness aren’t included.
Rintaro: What does that mean? How is it different from what you see in sci-fi novels?
Kurisu: Time leaping in sci-fi usually sends everything -- consciousness, personality, and memory. But in real life, there’s probably too much data, and besides, we only analyzed memories. Think of consciousness, personality, and memory as separate things. Memories are like the video data stored on your computer. And consciousness and personality are like the OS.
Itaru: But videos can take up way more space than the OS.
Kurisu: It’s just an example.