Kurisu: Ah... H-hey! Think you could knock!?
Rintaro: This isn’t your room. Besides, I’d have to be a fool to knock. There could be assassins lying in ambush.
Kurisu: Assassins? Here? Are you stupid?
Rintaro: Anyway, Christina. What were you looking at just now, hmm?
Kurisu: I was... doing research! S-stay back! G-got a problem?
Rintaro: ...pfft!
Kurisu: Hey! What’s with that ’this is awful, rofl rofl’ laughter!?
Rintaro: Have no fear, Christina. Or should I call you... @channeler Chris!
Kurisu: Don’t call me that!
Rintaro: Heh heh heh, I already knew. That’s right! I realized long ago that you were an @channeler! You can’t hide it from me. You reek of @channel corruption!
Kurisu: How rude! I make sure to apply light perfume every day!
Rintaro: Fool. That’s not what I meant. I’m talking about the scent of your soul.
Kurisu: My soul? What’s that supposed to mean? Explain.
Rintaro: Why? So you can learn how to hide it?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! Just explain already.
Rintaro: There’s nothing to explain. You use @channel memes in conversation. I’d have to be stupid not to notice.
Kurisu: ...Feels bad, man.
Rintaro: That’s an @channel meme too.
Kurisu: Ugh...
Rintaro: Your soul is tainted with the essence of @channel. You cannot hide it, not in such close proximity to another who uses @channel memes in actual conversation. Your souls resonate.
Kurisu: That’s it! It’s all Hashida’s fault!
Rintaro: But it’s cute how you try to hide it, @channeler Chris.
Kurisu: DON’T CALL ME THAT.
Rintaro: But I don’t understand. You were raised in America, so how are you so familiar with @channel?
Kurisu: You can browse @channel from America. Need I say more?
Rintaro: Ahh, I get it. Living in an English-only environment made you hungry for Japanese. But did you have to resort to @channel?
Kurisu: Sure, it’s not the friendliest place, but I couldn’t find anywhere that felt more ’Japanese’. Anyway, can I ask a favor?
Rintaro: What is it? If you have something to say, say it.
Kurisu: Don’t tell anyone else about this.
Rintaro: What difference does it make? Daru’s the most hardcore @channeler who ever lived, and Mayuri’s an otaku too. Even I browse @channel regularly. There’s nothing to be ashamed of! Just boldly write ’Hobbies: Browsing @channel’ on your resume!
Kurisu: Not a chance, you idiot!
Rintaro: What!? You mean you’d rather post anchors on VIP!?
Kurisu: Gh, I hate myself for understanding those words!
Rintaro: Well, whatever. If it will help you focus on the time leap machine, I’ll keep your secret for now. Besides, it’s just a matter of time before you make another mistake and reveal your true colors.
Kurisu: You don’t have to worry about me. Remember that I represented my entire laboratory when we presented our research, even though there were men twice my age on the project. I’m an expert at dealing with people. I’ll have no trouble keeping it a secret.
Rintaro: ...Nullpo.
Kurisu: Gah! No...!