Kurisu: Looks like you really are unkillable.
Rintaro: Heh heh heh. I have seen the future, Christina. In three minutes, you will be on your knees praising my greatness!
Kurisu: I don’t think so. How could you miss something so obvious?
Rintaro: Why are you blaming me?
Kurisu: ...I’m not blaming you. I’m just disappointed that nobody, including myself, noticed.
Itaru: We missed the forest for the trees.
Rintaro: To summarize... Just now, when the PhoneWave (name subject to change) shook the building, the 42-inch CRT was on. But when Mister Braun turned the TV off, the shaking stopped immediately.
Kurisu: The discharge was interrupted. I put a banana in just to be sure. Nothing happened.
Mayuri: I’m glad. We shouldn’t waste food.
Kurisu: We’ve found the answer. The electrons emitted by the 42-inch CRT are holding the PhoneWave’s black hole open. And the discharge phenomenon is the result.
Itaru: So the reason we can’t use the PhoneWave at night is because the Braun Tube Workshop’s closed?
Rintaro: But how can a cathode ray tube emit such a strong electron stream?
Kurisu: It’s not about having a strong electron stream. If stronger were better, SERN would’ve solved the lifter problem long ago. Somehow, the conditions here were perfect to create a time machine. Frankly, it’s a miracle.
Rintaro: No, Christina! Not a miracle! This is the choice of Steins Gate!
Kurisu: Whatever it is, it worked.
Mayuri: Umm... So, um, what do we have to do to complete Super PhoneWave-chan?
Kurisu: Now that we’ve found the cause, there’s nothing left to hold us back. We can safely conclude that time leaping is possible when, and only when, that television is on.
Itaru: We should probably test it, right? And there’s still the final check of the PhoneWave to do.
Kurisu: You’re right. Okabe.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: Go downstairs and turn that TV back on.
Rintaro: Ha. Ha. Ha. That’s hilarious, Christina. Allow me to dub that... Mission: Impossible!
Kurisu: Whatever. Just go already. If anyone can do it, it’s you. You made an amazing discovery just now, didn’t you?
Rintaro: Assistant mine... have you finally recognized my greatness as a mad scientist?
Kurisu: No.
Rintaro: Ah.
Itaru: Damn. That was harsh.
Kurisu: Oh, whoops. I was supposed to flatter him so he’d feel like going, right? Yes, you’re an amazing mad scientist.
Rintaro: It’s too late!
Kurisu: Anyway, now that we’ve found the lifter, the time leap machine is 99% complete. It’s your dream, isn’t it? To invent a time machine.
Rintaro: I will become the undisputed lord of time. With that power, I will shatter the System and Chaos will rule the--
Kurisu: Okabe. I wasn’t asking Hououin Kyouma. I was asking Okabe.