Rintaro: How can you be sure?
Kurisu: ...Well, I can’t. Nobody’s tried it before.
Mayuri: So, which is it?
Kurisu: We don’t know. We can argue the theories all we want, but in the end, we can only guess. This experiment may end up shattering preconceptions scientists and philosophers have held for centuries.
Mayuri: Hey... Um, I have an idea... Why don’t we make a banana time leap instead?
Kurisu: Oh Mayuri... Bananas don’t have brains like people do.
Mayuri: Oh... you need a brain, huh...
Rintaro: Let’s not experiment. We’ll entrust the Time Leap Machine to a suitable research institution. Then we’ll announce it to the world.
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: Upset?
Rintaro: About our decision not to attempt a Time Leap experiment.
Kurisu: No, I’m not upset. ’Humans are temporal beings.’ That’s a Heidegger quote. I was actually relieved when you made the decision not to use the machine. If you hadn’t been there, I might not have been able to stop myself. Thank you. Uh, what are you doing?
Rintaro: You’re talking like an assistant for a change. I thought you might have a fever.
Kurisu: I’m not grateful to you or anything, okay!? Anyway. That ’thank you’ was just a formality. Don’t get me wrong, okay?
Rintaro: Of course. I only did what I had to. I am the founder of the Future Gadget Lab, Hououin Kyouma. My first priority is to protect the welfare of my lab mems. So I have no need for your thanks.
Kurisu: And yet you always talk about plunging the world into chaos.
Rintaro: You are my allies, and the world is my enemy.
Kurisu: I’m speechless. You’re too self-righteous.
Rintaro: You say ’speechless,’ yet you’re speaking?
Kurisu: Don’t argue semantics. Oh yeah, I forgot to get a plane ticket. I got too caught up in improving the PhoneWave.
Rintaro: Going public with the Time Leap Machine will send the world into an uproar. We also plan to expose SERN, remember? You may not be able to go back to America for some time.
Kurisu: I guess you’re right. I should call Mama and let her know.