Kurisu: Stop, Okabe! What are you doing!? Are you trying to break the machine?
Kurisu: You don’t have to break it, Okabe. We already decided not to experiment. Remember? Anyway, put the chair down. You look pale. What’s wrong?
Kurisu: Are you listening?
Kurisu: W-wait! Hey. Don’t you think you’re a little old to be sitting on the ground in public? So this is where you went. I’ve been looking for you.
Rintaro: ...Christina.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: What time is it now?
Kurisu: 5:38. Hey. If you have time to sit around, then you can help me with the shopping. Well? Are you going to come along or not? Kurisu.
Kurisu: ...That’s the first time you’ve said my name properly.
Rintaro: ...Help me. Help me...
Kurisu: Tell me what happened. I know you used the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: You get a phone call, and suddenly you’re like a different person. It was obvious.
Rintaro: I came from three hours in the future.
Kurisu: What happened?
Rintaro: They... killed Mayuri. ...It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have told Daru to hack SERN. I shouldn’t have asked you to build a time machine. I shouldn’t have made Moeka a lab mem. Mayuri’s death... is all my fault.
Kurisu: If you know that Mayuri’s going to die, then what are you doing wasting time here?
Rintaro: ...I just don’t get it anymore.
Kurisu: What don’t you get?
Rintaro: How to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Based on what you said, I guess the chronology protection conjecture is true.
Rintaro: No matter what I do, Mayuri dies.
Kurisu: And that’s why you keep time leaping... There’s no guarantee that the machine is safe, you know. Even if the machine works perfectly, repeated use may have serious side effects. For example, you may become disconnected from causality itself. You need to understand the risks if you’re going to continue.
Rintaro: Disconnected from causality, meaning?
Kurisu: It happens all the time in sci-fi. You’ll become trapped in a closed time loop, never aging, never dying, but doomed to repeat the same day for all eternity. Worst case, you may cease to exist entirely. Every trace of your existence will vanish. Nobody will remember you, because your life will have never happened. Leaping through time is that dangerous.
Rintaro: ’Humans are temporal beings.’
Kurisu: Heidegger. I was thinking of that quote too.
Rintaro: I heard it from you first.
Kurisu: When?
Rintaro: This isn’t the first time I’ve leaped.
Kurisu: Right. Of course. If what you said is true, then I want to save Mayuri too. But as the co-creator of the Time Leap Machine, I can’t recommend its continued use. Will you listen to my advice?
Rintaro: I... I need your help. I have to save Mayuri! I can’t do it alone, but together, we might have a chance. I want... I need to believe that! Please, lend me your strength.
Kurisu: You’re such a stubborn fool. What you’ve been through... I’m surprised it hasn’t broken you already. I’ll help. Mayuri’s my friend, and a fellow lab mem.