Kurisu: Don’t apologize. Remember when I told you about my father? You really helped me out back then. Now it’s my turn to return the favor. I want to be your strength. Besides, you still have to come with me to Aomori. I know you’re going to leap no matter what I say. You are a mad scientist, after all, and mad scientists play by their own rules.
Kurisu: Hey. Aren’t you supposed to go ’muhahahaha’ or something?
Rintaro: Yeah...
Kurisu: Why do I even try? Anyway, I’m not doing this for you, okay? I’m doing it for Mayuri.
Rintaro: Yeah, of course.
Kurisu: That, and I think you’ll make a good test subject.
Rintaro: Now you’re talking like SERN.
Kurisu: It’s completely different.
Rintaro: How so?
Kurisu: I only experiment on you. Besides, mad scientists experiment on themselves all the time, don’t they?
Rintaro: I guess...
Kurisu: I-it’s just a joke. Don’t take it so seriously. There’s not much time. I think you should have a clear plan before trying to change the future again.
Rintaro: Meaning?
Kurisu: Leap to an even earlier time. Then explain the situation to me again. Let’s go. I understand why you can’t tell Mayuri, but why can’t you tell Hashida?
Rintaro: I’ll tell him when it’s necessary.
Kurisu: They’ll throw you in the slammer for breaking and entering.
Rintaro: In a few seconds, it won’t have happened.
Kurisu: I see. That’s how it looks from your perspective. What does it look like from my perspective? What happens here after you leap?
Rintaro: ...You’ll know soon enough.
Rintaro: What’s wrong?
Kurisu: It’s nothing. I was just thinking.
Rintaro: Maybe it works like a D-Mail.
Kurisu: That would make things easier, though I kind of hope you’re wrong.
Rintaro: Because you can’t collect data if you can’t record the change?
Kurisu: Exactly. I set the destination to five hours ago. You should arrive around 1:40 PM. I completed the Time Leap Machine just after 2. Do you remember? Nobody likes a man who can’t remember dates. Be thankful that I make a habit of checking the time. I have a pretty good idea what happened when. Listen, Okabe. If you’re going to keep using the Time Leap Machine, there’s one thing you must remember. Don’t let go of your phone. Ever. It’s your lifeline. Your destination marker. As long as you keep it with you, you can leap to any time you want. But if you lose your phone... if someone else gets ahold of it... If it breaks, or the battery dies... The time leap will fail. Once again, never let go of your phone.
Rintaro: Got it.
Kurisu: After you leap back to this afternoon, just sit tight and don’t do anything until I complete the Time Leap Machine. If you accidentally prevent me from completing the machine, it will likely wreak havoc with the timeline. As soon as I finish, declare that we will not experiment. Then send everyone home. Ask me to stay. Tell me the truth. If you say you came from the future, I’ll probably believe you.
Rintaro: How do you know?
Kurisu: Who knows me better than myself?