Kurisu: Okabe. It’s been three days. Will you at least eat something?
Kurisu: You knew, didn’t you? You knew that Mayuri would die.
Kurisu: Why don’t you time leap? I was sure that you would do anything to save Mayuri, even use the Time Leap Machine. What happened to your plan to change Urushibara-san’s gender and take back the IBN 5100? You were so set on saving Mayuri. What are you still doing here?
Kurisu: Wait... did you already send the D-Mail? Did you already change worldlines? If so, and you’re just a remnant Okabe left behind, then that means worldlines are parallel, and this line is doomed to continue without Mayuri...
Rintaro: ...I didn’t send the D-Mail.
Kurisu: What do you mean?
Rintaro: ...I couldn’t change Lukako back into a guy. Instead... I chose to accept fate. I stood by... and let Mayuri die. ...Will you eat? I can make cup noodles, if you like. Or should I go get something?
Rintaro: Say something. I killed Mayuri. Why won’t you blame me?
Kurisu: I suppose I could, but why? It looks like you’ve already blamed yourself enough. Maybe we just don’t have the right to change the past after all. Besides... No one can blame you. You’ve been fighting alone this whole time, one man disconnected from causality. No one else can understand your pain. No one else can understand the meaning of your choice. There’s no way I can blame you, when I haven’t time leaped even once.
Rintaro: ...How can you be so understanding?
Kurisu: I’m not. When you chose to save Mayuri with the Time Leap Machine, you must have known that no one would ever understand. So accept what you’ve done. Do that, and you’ll never forget the meaning of your choice. However... You should also take responsibility for the girl you did save. Mayuri is dead. It’s sad -- no, sad doesn’t even begin to describe it -- but Mayuri is gone. You couldn’t change convergence. You couldn’t defy fate. But she is still alive. Thanks to you, she’s still alive, as a girl. And I think she’s suffering alone, just like you. Aren’t you the only one who can understand her suffering? You’re her accomplice, remember?