Rintaro: You said ’again’ just now. We’ve talked like this before, just the two of us?
Kurisu: Losing your memory now? Does our little mad scientist have an acetylcholine deficiency?
Rintaro: I’m being serious.
Kurisu: You’re acting weird today. What’s going on?
Rintaro: Please. I need to know.
Kurisu: I mean, yeah. This is like the fifth time you’ve brought me outside to talk about the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Have we talked about my time leaping?
Kurisu: You’re time leaping?
Rintaro: More than a dozen times already.
Kurisu: That many!? What the hell are you doing!? ...I think I get it. Don’t wear yourself out.
Rintaro: It’s a disgrace to be comforted by my assistant.
Kurisu: Why are you always like that!? I’m even trying to be nice. You’re really full of yourself, you know?
Rintaro: I don’t need your sympathy. Everything that happened is my fault. I’m just getting what I deserve. ...Come to think of it, every time I explain this to you, I always end up hating myself in the end.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: Don’t worry about me. Worry about Mayuri. Mayuri will probably die tomorrow. I don’t know how it will happen. Sorry about this, but I want you to be there when she dies tomorrow night.
Kurisu: That’s why you want me to go to ComiMa?
Rintaro: There’s nothing we can do to prevent her death. Just stay close and tell me when it happens. Once I know, I’ll make the time leap.
Kurisu: I can’t believe there’s nothing we can do. It just doesn’t feel real. But it’s the truth, isn’t it? I can see it in your eyes. ...Are you okay?
Rintaro: No. I still haven’t saved Mayu--
Kurisu: I know. That’s not what I meant. Are you okay?
Rintaro: I don’t follow.
Kurisu: You’re carrying an awful burden.
Rintaro: I told you not to worry about me. It’s Mayuri you need to worry about. Tomorrow, I’m going to look for Moeka. I wish there were some way that Mayuri wouldn’t have to suffer...
Kurisu: Then why don’t you time leap now?
Rintaro: I can’t plan effectively without knowing the deadline.
Kurisu: I don’t want to see Mayuri die either, you know.
Rintaro: I know how you feel, but you’re the only one I can ask.
Kurisu: Where did all this trust come from?
Rintaro: ...You’re my assistant, after all.
Kurisu: You’re so full of yourself.