Kurisu: Finally. Where are you?
Rintaro: Hello.
Kurisu: Where are you?
Rintaro: ...Sorry, I’m busy.
Kurisu: Is it woman? You’re with a woman, aren’t you?
Rintaro: Is that the first thing that comes to mind? You really are a mainstream girl.
Kurisu: Shut up. You promised you’d help with the PhoneWave, remember? Or is your lab mem number just for show?
Rintaro: Get Daru to help. I can’t do it today.
Kurisu: ...What are you doing? Where are you?
Rintaro: Kiryu Moeka’s apartment.
Kurisu: So you are with a woman. You’re the worst. You have to take it from her by force.
Rintaro: You’ve seen too many Hollywood movies.
Kurisu: You’re up against an agent of SERN. Play nice and you could end up dead. Don’t hesitate. Remember you’re doing this to save Mayuri. I know you’re pretty weak and scrawny, but you should be able to handle her in her current state. You might think I’m a monster for saying this... not that I care what you think, but... Kill her if you have to.
Rintaro: You’re a monster. But you’re not a hypocrite, and that’s what I love about you, Christina.
Kurisu: L-love!? Uh...
Rintaro: I mean it. I wish my conviction were as strong as yours.
Kurisu: ...Well, thanks.
Rintaro: But that’s not all, right? There’s a reason you’re willing to suggest murder as an option. How did you reach that conclusion?
Kurisu: Good, you’re still thinking. I can’t be certain whether your story is true, and I don’t quite understand this attractor field hypothesis. But based on what you told me... If this Kiryu woman commits suicide four days from now, then that means her death flag is already active. In other words, this worldline has approved her death. On previous worldlines where that wasn’t the case, you probably couldn’t have killed her even if you tried. Something would have happened to prevent it. Or possibly, killing her would have caused a dramatic shift in worldline divergence. But on this specific worldline, her death is already certain. As you’ve experienced with Mayuri’s death, the result is what matters, not the process. I believe the same applies to Kiryu. It doesn’t matter how she dies.
Rintaro: She’s already going to die, so that makes it okay. That the kind of argument a murderer would make.
Kurisu: Don’t be a hypocrite. We’re not talking about right and wrong here, Okabe.
Rintaro: But what about the law? Even if fate forgives me, society won’t.
Kurisu: As long as you have the Time Leap Machine, you can undo anything, even murder. The result will be that you gained the necessary information without killing anybody.
Rintaro: I understand.
Kurisu: ...Phew. Just remember one thing. You’re responsible for what you do. ...I guess that’s quite a thing for me to say, huh? After telling you to kill her.
Rintaro: It’s fine. Your advice was truly becoming of a mad scientist.
Kurisu: Get it done, Okabe. Bye.