Kurisu: ...Okabe.
Rintaro: You’re alive...
Kurisu: Right. I forgot I might run into you here.
Rintaro: What were you doing?
Kurisu: ...Thinking.
Rintaro: Oh... Looks like I’m in your way, so I’ll just go.
Kurisu: ...Oh, okay.
Rintaro: Hey. It’s raining.
Kurisu: Huh? Oh, yeah.
Rintaro: Whoa!
Kurisu: What the hell!? Whew, what a surprise.
Rintaro: That’s what you get for tempting the sky gods.
Kurisu: You should’ve warned me sooner. Even my underwear’s soaked.
Rintaro: Same here. I bet you’re glad it’s dark, huh?
Kurisu: What do you mean?
Rintaro: If the lights were on, I’d be able to see everything.
Kurisu: ...! Ugh, I forgot that you’re a perv too.
Rintaro: You’re the one who announced that your underwear was wet.
Kurisu: J-just drop it! If you’re imagining what color my underwear is, I’ll kill you!
Rintaro: I’m not imagining anything.
Kurisu: Achoo!
Rintaro: Cold?
Kurisu: I’m not stripping naked, if that’s what you’re suggesting! Your pervy tricks won’t work on me!
Rintaro: Who said strip!? Calm down, will you!?
Kurisu: Grr...
Rintaro: But if you want to strip, go right ahead. I can’t make out your scrawny figure in this light anyway.
Kurisu: Another word, and I’ll make you eat your cerebral neocortex with ponzu sauce!
Rintaro: S-sorry.
Kurisu: A storm like that shouldn’t last long. Guess we’ll just wait it out. H-hey, get your own stair!
Kurisu: W-what?
Rintaro: You’re the one who said not to speak.
Kurisu: Y-you’re too close... Don’t come any closer, okay? You can stay where you are, but come any closer, and I’ll push you away, okay? ...Don’t look at me.
Rintaro: Impossible! How can you see where I’m looking!?
Kurisu: So you were looking.
Rintaro: Damn. Must have caught on something when we ran inside.
Kurisu: What are you talking about?
Rintaro: Just a little tear in my coat.
Kurisu: Is clumsiness one of your character traits?
Rintaro: Don’t be ridiculous. I am a mad scientist. I bear the curse of insanity, not clumsiness.
Kurisu: Yeah, yeah. Give it here.
Rintaro: What?
Kurisu: I happen to have a sewing kit with me. I’ll stitch it up for you.
Rintaro: A sewing kit? You?
Kurisu: Something wrong with that?
Rintaro: You’re an experiment-loving girl. You’re not supposed to be... domestic.
Kurisu: Can’t I be a domestic experiment-loving girl?
Rintaro: You? Domestic?
Kurisu: Relatively, maybe. Well, actually, I don’t know the domesticity index for Japanese high school girls these days. It’s wet, so it’s kinda hard to thread.
Rintaro: ...Did you really just happen to have that on you?
Kurisu: Get over it already. Is it really so wrong for me to have a sewing kit?
Rintaro: It’s not wrong. It just seems like you planned for this.
Kurisu: So you’re saying I brought it with me because I somehow knew your coat was going to get ripped. Uh-huh. Ridiculous. And before you get the wrong idea, I’m not fixing your coat because I want to or anything, okay?