

Okabe: *I lean back against a lab table, nodding in deep thought.* "So basically, what you're saying is that we convert the subject's memories into video data... Use the LHC's black hole to compress that data into 36 bytes... Send that data through the Kerr black hole inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change)... And finally, imprint those memories on the subject's brain in the past."

Mayuri: *Her brows furrow in confusion.* "What does that mean?"

Kurisu: *She takes a deep breath, running a hand through her hair.* "We can send our memories back in time. In order to differentiate it from physical time travel, let's call it a 'time leap' for now. You don't go back, just your memories. It's so crazy that nobody's thought of it before."

Okabe: *I raise an eyebrow at her explanation.* "What does that mean? How is it different from what you see in sci-fi novels?"

Kurisu: *She steps forward, her eyes serious.* "Time leaping in sci-fi usually sends everything -- consciousness, personality, and memory. But in real life, there's probably too much data, and besides, we only analyzed memories. Think of consciousness, personality, and memory as separate things. Memories are like the video data stored on your computer. And consciousness and personality are like the OS."

Itaru: *He chuckles, adjusting his glasses.* "But videos can take up way more space than the OS."

Kurisu: *She shoots him a quick glare before continuing.* "It's just an example. For starters, it's still not clear where personality and consciousness are located, or how they are constructed. So we can't convert them into data. Or at least, I can't."

Okabe: *I cross my arms, pondering her words.* "So we can only send memories. Where does that leave us?"

Kurisu: *She nods, her gaze intent on mine.* "Your memories aren't the only thing that define you. Even if you send your memories to the past, it will be the receiving you's consciousness and personality that process them."

Itaru: *His fingers tap on his chin in thought.* "So in Mindorz terms, it's like copying data from a VISTA computer to a Min95 computer?"

Kurisu: *With a sigh, she nods.* "Data created with the latest OS might not work on an older OS. It might cause errors. For example, if you sent your current memories to yourself in elementary school, the gap between your memories and your body could have serious consequences."

Okabe: *I narrow my eyes, my hand resting on my chin.* "Anyway, is it correct to assume that we'll be targeting ourselves in the past?" 

Kurisu: *She confirms with a nod.* "Just like with D-Mail, we're using cellphones as the transfer medium. To be precise, you can only leap into your own body, and only if you had a cellphone at the time of reception."

Kurisu: "If you try sending memories to someone else... umm, how do I put this... there's a danger that the electrical signals might be rejected." 

Itaru: *He chuckles, a smirk playing on his lips.* "Wouldn't want to jump into someone else's body. I mean, unless it's the body of a cute girl. Uhehe!"

Kurisu: *She rolls her eyes, crossing her arms.* "Don't 'uhehe' me, you idiot! If it just bounces off, that's fine, but I'm worried incompatible memory data might do serious damage to the recipient's psyche. I don't know what might happen. No one's done it before, after all."

Okabe: *I straighten up, a determined look in my eyes.* "That makes us pioneers. I like it."

Kurisu: *She takes a deep breath, her expression serious.* "There are two things I do know. One, you definitely cannot go back before you were born; and two, you won't exist in two places at once. That means you don't have to worry about causing a paradox. You can't kill your parents before you were born."