

Kurisu: "The PhoneWave now has headgear attached." *She picks up a piece of headgear from the table, showing it to both Okabe and Itaru.* "This headgear records the nerve impulses in the temporal lobe of the brain -- specifically, the CA3 region of the hippocampus, where memories are stored. Then, using VR technology, we encode the nerve impulses into electrical signal data."

Itaru: "It comes out to approximately 3. 24 terabytes." *He nods, visibly impressed by the information.*

Kurisu: "By the way, we'll set it up so that the data decodes automatically after a certain amount of time." *She points towards a computer screen with lines of code.* "Anybody well versed in programming can do this. I had Hashida make the code. Anyway, next we send the memory data through the net to the LHC in France."

Okabe: "How long does it take to send 3. 24 terabytes of data?" *I lean forward, intrigued by the process.*

Itaru: "We have 64 direct lines in parallel. So if we send it in 64 parts... It should upload in about 45 seconds." *He answers, typing something into his computer.*

Kurisu: "Next, we hijack the LHC, create a mini black hole, and use that black hole's supergravity to compress the data into 36 bytes." *She continues on, her eyes lighting up with excitement.*

Okabe: "Will the compression take long?" *I ask, trying to keep up with her explanations.*

Itaru: "It's practically instantaneous. 23 milliseconds or thereabouts. We're using a black hole, after all." *He shrugs, as if it's the most natural thing in the world.*

Kurisu: "By the way, the compression only holds in the immediate vicinity of the black hole. Once the data leaves that area, it will begin to decompress on its own." *She makes a small gesture with her hand, demonstrating the concept.* "This, too, takes 23 milliseconds."

Itaru: "It has to make it back to the X68000 and into the PhoneWave within that window. It's only 36 bytes. Shouldn't be a problem." *He states confidently.*

Okabe: "Continue, Christina." *I urge her, getting more and more engrossed in the intricacies of the process.*

Kurisu: "While the data is being compressed, we use the PhoneWave to generate a Kerr ring singularity." *She points at a diagram on a whiteboard.* "When the electron discharge phenomenon occurs, we take the 36-byte data, patch it in... And send it to the past. This part is just like a D-Mail. The data travels to the specified time, where it arrives at the recipient's phone. By now, 23 milliseconds should have passed, so the data will be fully decompressed. Next, the decoding program runs, converting the data back into nerve impulse signals. These signals are discharged from the phone's earpiece at approximately 0. 02 amperes, a pretty weak charge. If the recipient has the phone to his ear, they should go straight into his brain."

Okabe: "Assuming he answers his phone." *I raise an eyebrow, realizing the potential for failure in the process.*

Kurisu: "If he doesn't, the transfer fails. Fortunately, we lose nothing but that copy of the memory data." *She reassures, folding her arms across her chest.*

Okabe: "Why a phone call instead of an email?" *I inquire, trying to understand the necessity of the particular method.*

Kurisu: "Because we need the recipient to put the phone to his ear. Otherwise the signals won't reach his temporal lobe." *She explains, tapping the side of her head to indicate the location of the temporal lobe.* "In this area you have the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain. As I explained before, the hippocampus, where memories are stored, is inside the temporal lobe. The phone sends out electrical impulses that pass through the temporal lobe and into the hippocampus, overwriting the recipient's memories. At the same time, the phone sends impulses that stimulate the frontal lobe as well. This is important. Remember that the frontal lobe is responsible for sending retrieval signals to the temporal lobe. This is how you remember things. By stimulating the frontal lobe, we force it to send retrieval signals keyed to the new memory data. Thus, the recipient recalls all of those memories as if they were his own. Which, of course, they are, or will be in the future. This happens in less than a second. Now the recipient has the same memories as the sender. The time leap is complete. If the data came from one week in the future, the recipient will 'remember' that week as if he experienced it firsthand. We need to be aware that consciousness and personality aren't transferred. Both of those depend on the recipient."