Rintaro: I just want to know the truth.
UNSPOKEN: I stare straight back at Kurisu as she trembles with anger, and lift her blouse a little higher...
Kurisu: What truth, you perv!? You stupid!? Wanna die!?
UNSPOKEN: She pushes my hand away.
Itaru: Louise-chan's famous line for the win!
UNSPOKEN: Daru shouts something silly, but I ignore him and press Kurisu.
Rintaro: I know what I saw!
Kurisu: No way! Did you just see my underw...!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's face turns bright red. She firmly pulls her blouse down.
Rintaro: No, you fool! Not that!
UNSPOKEN: Earlier this afternoon, after Doctor Nakabachi's presentation, someone killed Makise Kurisu and left her in a pool of blood. I carefully explain everything that I saw.
Kurisu: Wait. Doctor Nakabachi?
Itaru: What are you talking about, Okarin? Doctor Nakabachi's presentation was canceled.
Rintaro: Canceled!?
Itaru: Yeah. Because of the satellite crash.
UNSPOKEN: Something's wrong. Our stories aren't matching. It's the same thing that happened right after I saw the mass disappearance. Mayuri's story didn't match mine. I need to know. Am I caught in some sinister plot? Is this another Organization conspiracy?
Kurisu: Excuse me, um...
Rintaro: My name... is Hououin Kyouma!
Itaru: Really, man? You're hopeless...
Kurisu: Okay, Hououin-san. I'd like to hear your story in more detail.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like she finally understands I'm not lying. But I still don't understand why my memories don't match everyone else's. I doubt that I can give her a good explanation. Just then, an older man steps out of the assembly hall.
Professor: Makise-san? It's almost time.
Kurisu: Huh? Oh, right. Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at me one more time, then sighs and heads towards the small conference room.
Itaru: We should go too.
Rintaro: Go where?
Itaru: To hear the lecture, duh?
UNSPOKEN: Ahh, that. Daru follows after Kurisu. Did she come to attend the lecture too? Strange. Why would the girl genius, Makise Kurisu, need to attend a lecture like this? Okay. My guess was a bit off. The girl genius didn't come to attend the lecture.
Kurisu: Um, I'd like to thank everyone for coming to hear me speak today.
Rintaro: She's the one giving the lecture...
UNSPOKEN: Japan's famous girl genius, Makise Kurisu, who had her thesis published at the tender age of 17. According to Daru, she turned 18 a few days ago. I first heard about her when Daru pointed her out in a gossip magazine article. That's when he told me that she was going to be a guest at ATF. I'd forgotten all about it.
Kurisu: It's my first time giving a lecture like this, so please forgive me if I'm a little nervous.
UNSPOKEN: The audience is pretty mixed. It's mostly students like us, but there are also a couple of professors. And... Kurisu just gave me a sharp look. What did I do? When I return her stare, she quickly averts her eyes. Hmph, I don't care if she's a genius or whatever. I still don't like her. She may have these people fooled with her timid girl act, but I learned at Radi-Kan how cunning and aggressive she really is. Even if her murder was some kind of hallucination, my judgment of her character is still correct.
Kurisu: For today's lecture, I've been asked to speak on the subject of time travel. It's not really my area of expertise, but I'll try my best.
Rintaro: Time travel? Oh-ho...
Kurisu: Let me start by saying that time travel is an absurd concept.
Rintaro: OBJECTION!
Kurisu: Hwa...!?