Kurisu: The crevice is about as wide as an elementary particle, and at least as long as the diameter of a galaxy. It has immense mass, so it distorts space-time. If you were to travel through that distortion, you could make a full circle around the string in less than 360 degrees. In short, you can do something resembling a warp. This is called a space-time angular deficit. When you pass through an area of angular deficit, transit time becomes zero. Now we apply this to a cosmic string moving at near-light speed. According to the special theory of relativity, time will flow slower for the cosmic string in relation to its surroundings. Therefore, passing through the area of angular deficit would cause the transit time to become negative instead of zero. In other words, you will arrive in the past after transit. If you use two cosmic strings, you can do a space deficit jump. If you loop back to your original location, you can return to the same time you started revolving. And that, roughly speaking, is time travel by means of cosmic strings. By the way, just so nobody misunderstands, cosmic strings are not the same as superstrings. Now then, you need three things in order to travel to the past with cosmic strings. First. The cosmic strings themselves. Two strings, to be exact. By the way, they are hypothesized to exist only where the universe was first formed, so they might be a little hard to find. Second. You would need the energy required to make them move them at near-light speed. How much energy do you think you'd need to accelerate something as long as the Milky Way to near the speed of light? I'm pretty sure it's a little more than 1. 21 jigowatts.
UNSPOKEN: This earns a few chuckles from the audience.
Kurisu: Third. You'd need a spaceship capable of reaching these cosmic strings and returning. With the time traveler alive, of course. What do you think, Hououin-san? Care to take on the challenge of cosmic string time travel?
UNSPOKEN: Like that's even possible. And why the hell is she addressing me? I wasn't even the one who jeered this time.
Kurisu: Hm? Looks like Hououin-san doesn't want to take the challenge. In that case, let's consider wormholes. They may be a little more realistic than cosmic strings. By the way, Hououin-san. Do you know what wormholes are?
UNSPOKEN: No, don't ask me! I'm trying to hold back here. Since I've been challenged, though, I can't leave the question unanswered.
Rintaro: It's like a shortcut through space... right?
Kurisu: Yes, that's correct.
UNSPOKEN: Whew... I got it right. I sigh inwardly in relief.
Kurisu: There are two wormholes joined by a tunnel. No matter how far away the wormholes are, transit time through the tunnel is zero. But oh no, there's a problem. The wormhole tunnel suffers from super gravity, and collapses as soon as it opens. So we need something to negate the effect of gravity. So-called 'exotic matter'. A substance with negative mass which repulses other matter.
UNSPOKEN: Negative mass, huh? Is it something that floats if you leave it on the ground? ...Maybe not. I can't even begin to imagine what it would be like. Kurisu raises her right fist.
Kurisu: Say that the wormhole tunnel is being squished by an invisible fist. In order to pass through, you need something that could oppose my fist's 'grasping force' so that I can't squish anymore.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu opens her fist.
Kurisu: If you stabilize the tunnel with exotic matter injection, instantaneous travel between wormholes becomes possible. To travel through time, however, takes a little more effort. For example, let's say there's a wormhole entrance here in Akihabara, and the exit is in Los Angeles. First, we send the wormhole in LA all the way to the end of the universe at near the speed of light. And once it's there, we yank it back to LA.