Kurisu: You can't even shake hands? Are all Japanese men this difficult?
UNSPOKEN: Shake hands? This girl genius is asking for a handshake? We only met yesterday, and just moments ago she was on the verge of calling the cops.
Rintaro: You're not Japanese!?
Kurisu: I've lived in America for seven years. What about it?
Rintaro: America...
UNSPOKEN: I look down at her slender fingers. Glossy, healthy fingernails. No unnecessary nail polish. I stare, fixated. Slowly, I extend my hand, making sure to keep enough weight on my heels so I can flee at a moment's notice. I lightly grab the tip of Kurisu's index finger between my thumb and index finger, then instantly let go.
Kurisu: What's your problem?
Rintaro: I can feel your aura of malice. You must be a powerful kung-fu master.
Kurisu: Don't be ridiculous.
Rintaro: Then you're a NINJA--
Kurisu: Give it a rest.
UNSPOKEN: Damn. She's completely cold. Her tone gets scary sometimes, too.
Rintaro: If you grew up in America, shouldn't you say 'HAHAHA! NICE TO MEET YOU!' with a smile across your whole face when asking for a handshake? No, wait, you should be asking for a hug, right?
UNSPOKEN: Perhaps that's too much to expect from a killing machine.
Kurisu: What kind of stereotype is that?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs. She's not even looking at me. Instead, she's staring at the bananas next to the PhoneWave (name subject to change). The bananas which have just exhibited a most unusual phenomenon. Of the bunch, one has been completely gelified.
Kurisu: ...Fascinating.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu brings her face closer to it to get a good look.
Kurisu: Have any forceps?
Rintaro: No!
Kurisu: Oh.
UNSPOKEN: And then, Kurisu stabs the gelatinous banana with her index finger. She buries her beautiful fingertip knuckle-deep into slimy banana.
Rintaro: What are you doing!? That's precious data!
Kurisu: It's squishy.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu extracts her finger. Pieces of gel cling to her fingertip. She puts that fingertip into her mouth without any hesitation.
Kurisu: ...No taste. Gross.
UNSPOKEN: She says it with a straight face.
Rintaro: You have quite the appetite, I see. A side-effect of the resurrection, perhaps? If you're that hungry, I guess I could give you a banana or two!
Kurisu: No thanks.
Itaru: Either way, those bananas are Mayushii's.
Rintaro: Come, don't be shy. This is an offering. Take it!
Kurisu: As if. Who would eat some perv's banana?
Itaru: A perv's banana...!
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts shaking as if he's been electrocuted. What? What's wrong?
Itaru: Eat... a perv's banana... squishy... finger in mouth... 'Gross!' with a sour expression...
UNSPOKEN: Looks like his cranial pervert processor is overclocking.
Itaru: Um, can you say that one more time? With a more humiliated expression, if you please.
Kurisu: Huh?
Itaru: Come on. Say, 'Who would eat some perv's banana?' but if you could add an, 'Ahh, but it's so...' after that, it would be extra delicious!
Kurisu: Huh? ...huh? ...Ah!!
UNSPOKEN: Suddenly, Kurisu's face turns bright red.
Rintaro: Muhaha! Oh, Daru. You may be a worthless, disgusting perv, but let me say, well done, sir!
UNSPOKEN: Payback is sweet! Now to follow up for maximum combo! Let's show this conceited little girl how true adults fight!
Rintaro: So, Makise Kurisu. You just imagined something, didn't you? By all means, tell us what. Don't be shy. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Why you...