UNSPOKEN: Kurisu turns her back to us with perked shoulders. Looks like she's capable of expressing human emotion after all. That rules out robotic killing machine. Ah! I feel refreshed. I haven't felt this good in years. Way to go, Daru. That's my right-hand man! Always gets the job done.
Kurisu: I get it. You're both pervs.
Itaru: Well... you could say that.
UNSPOKEN: Don't admit it, you idiot.
Rintaro: I don't want to hear that from you.
Kurisu: Okay! If I came off as a little rude, I apologize.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu sighs deeply and turns back to us. Her composure has already returned.
Kurisu: I was only acting that way because you molested me, but I'll ignore that for now.
UNSPOKEN: I wish she would stop saying for now. It's like she's gonna call the cops on me later.
Kurisu: Please tell me what happened to this banana. I'd also like to hear about that...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu glances at the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: That microwave thing.
Rintaro: That's top secret. The one thing I'm cleared to share with unauthorized individuals is that its name is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Name subject to change? What's that about?
Rintaro: PhoneWave is weak. It needs a better name.
Kurisu: I couldn't care less about its name.
Rintaro: I'm afraid that's the only information you're cleared for.
Itaru: Hold on, Okarin. Makise-shi might be able to explain what's going on.
Rintaro: Hmm... well...
UNSPOKEN: She is a genius. She would have to be to defeat my sharp wit. We can trust her intellect, at least. But it's hard to stomach her attitude. Plus, she has danger written on her face. Not to mention, she's a little scary too. Then, I get a great idea.
Kurisu: That creepy grin... are you thinking perverted thoughts again?
Rintaro: You said your name's Christina, right?
Kurisu: Who the hell's Christina!? I never said that!
UNSPOKEN: 'Christina' sounds like the name of a Hollywood film star. It definitely has more flavor than her real name.
Rintaro: If you wish to learn the secrets of this microwave, then you must meet my conditions.
Kurisu: ...Which are?
Rintaro: Condition One: You must become a lab mem.
Kurisu: Ramen?
Rintaro: No! Lab mem, stupid! Short for laboratory member!
Kurisu: You mean you want me to join your research team? I'm supposed to return to America in August.
Rintaro: I'll have you sign a non-disclosure agreement so you won't betray our secrets. Break the agreement, and I'll report your steamy, perverted acts to Science Magazine.
Kurisu: Gh...
Itaru: You're a monster, Okarin. I'll take five copies.
Rintaro: From the moment you become a lab mem to the moment of your departure, your brain shall be used for the benefit of our lab.
Kurisu: You're so full of it. Let's see the contract, then.
Rintaro: What contract? This is a lab, not a corporation!
Kurisu: I don't mind lending you my knowledge, but if there is more pervy nonsense involved, the answer is NO.
Rintaro: Don't worry, we don't bite.
Kurisu: No more molestation?
Rintaro: No, alright!?
Kurisu: You said that was condition one. So there's gotta be a second one, right? It better not be--