UNSPOKEN: Looks like covering Mayuri was the right choice. I may be an insane mad scientist, but I still risk life and limb for the safety of my comrades. I gently let Mayuri out of my embrace. Whew. Well, that was something. I wipe the sweat off my brow.
Kurisu: H-hey! Look at this!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu voice is strained. With my vision finally restored, I take another look around the room. And what I see strikes me speechless. The large table in the center of the room is made of thick, solid wood. It can hold about five or six people without breaking. That's why we placed the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and the X68000 on it. That table has been split in two, as if by a woodcutter's axe. The computer and other parts connected to the microwave are scattered across the floor. And the microwave itself... Has broken through the table. It's literally stuck in the floor.
Itaru: What the hell? How did that... Yeah, it's a microwave, but it's not heavy enough to make a hole in the floor...
Kurisu: This can't be caused by electrical discharge. Some other phenomenon?
UNSPOKEN: I shake off my surprise. This is no time to be standing with jaw agape, Hououin Kyouma. Seize the moment!
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA! Just as my calculations predicted!
UNSPOKEN: First, some maniacal laughter. Next, I try to take out my phone and do the usual, but unfortunately, it's still plugged into the PhoneWave (name subject to change). El Psy Kongroo. I whisper the words. Words that have no meaning. Words I use simply because they sound cool. These words have meaning because they have no meaning. After years of repeated use, just speaking them is enough to calm my heart.
Itaru: ...So, about Mayu-shi's chicken.
Mayuri: Eh?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri stands up and looks inside the PhoneWave (name subject to change). It's embedded in the floor, but she somehow manages to pry the door open.
Mayuri: Ahh! M-Mayushii's chicken is all burnt black...
UNSPOKEN: I pat Mayuri's shoulders to cheer her up.
Rintaro: Juicy Chicken Number One made a noble sacrifice for the progress of science. Let us pray for his happiness in the next life.
Kurisu: The chicken doesn't matter! Right now, we need to determine what happened with the Phonewa--
Mayuri: It doesn't matter? That's so mean, uh, Christina-chan...
Kurisu: Hey, Hououin Kyouma! Do something about this! Mayushii-san learned my name wrong!