UNSPOKEN: Daru talks as he plugs the IBN 5100's power adapter into the wall. He turns the machine on, and the power supply begins to make a turbulent noise.
Itaru: Wow, it actually turned on. First I need to learn how to use this thing. It looks like hooking it up is gonna be a pain. It might take a while. I can't play with this thing and search for the server admin's ID at the same time.
Rintaro: Alright. Prioritize the ID search. If possible, I'd like you to get the IBN 5100 ready to use this month, though.
Itaru: There's still 30 days left this month. It's not gonna take that long.
UNSPOKEN: That's my super hacka.
Mayuri: We're gonna take off now, okay?
Luka: Um, pardon the intrusion.
UNSPOKEN: The two of them finish their bananas and get ready to leave.
Rintaro: You two did well today. Be proud.
Kurisu: You're so full of yourself.
Mayuri: Chris-chan, you not going home? You can walk with us to the station if you want.
Kurisu: Thanks. But I'm going to stay here a little longer.
Mayuri: Okay. See you later! Tutturu♪
Luka: Excuse me.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri and Lukako wave goodbye and head out the door.
Kurisu: Well?
Rintaro: Well, what?
Kurisu: I'm asking for an explanation. What's this about the IBN 5100 and SERN? Hey, Okabe.
Rintaro: ...What?
UNSPOKEN: I look up. Kurisu is glaring at me.
Rintaro: What did you just call me?
Kurisu: I called you O-Okabe.
Rintaro: You called me Okabe?
UNSPOKEN: I take one step towards Kurisu. And she takes a step back.
Itaru: Time out, time out!
UNSPOKEN: Daru tries to hold me back, but I shake him off and take a step closer. Kurisu doesn't step back this time. Without taking her eyes off me, she bites her lip hard and curls her hands into fists.
Rintaro: Did you just call me Okabe?
Kurisu: ...I did. Problem? Yes, I'm younger than you, but you insist on calling me by ridiculous names like Christina and Zombie, so I don't think I need to show you any respect by adding '-san', and besides--
Rintaro: That's not the problem!
Kurisu: !!
Rintaro: I am not Okabe! I am HOUOUIN KYOUMA! How many times do I have to tell you, Christina!?
Kurisu: ...God, you're so full of yourself.
Rintaro: From now on, call me Hououin. That or Kyouma.
Kurisu: No.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu snaps at me and turns away. Are those tears I see in her eyes?
Rintaro: Are you... crying?
Kurisu: I'm not crying! It's not like I was scared of you for a second there or anything, and I definitely wasn't relieved when you started talking like an idiot again, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: She stalks over to the window and stares outside. I see her wipe her eyes with the back of her hand. Seems she was crying after all.
Rintaro: Daru, why is my assistant crying?
Itaru: Uh, she said so herself just now.
Rintaro: All I did was correct her on my name.
Itaru: Maybe she only acts strong but is actually weak on the inside. That would be pretty moe.
UNSPOKEN: Well, whatever. Back to checking mail. But I'm thirsty from this hard day's work. So before that, I take a fresh Dr P out of the fridge.
Kurisu: Hey, aren't you going to tell me what's going on?
UNSPOKEN: I toss the bottle to Kurisu once she turns around.
Kurisu: Kya!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu tries to catch it, but fails magnificently. She picks the bottle up off the floor, then shoots me a glare.
Rintaro: I'll explain in a second. Drink that while you wait.
Kurisu: ...Gee, thanks.