UNSPOKEN: Kurisu bends forward and stares wide-eyed at the words on the screen.
Rintaro: What is it?
Kurisu: 'The purpose of the Z Program is to perform time-space displacement experiments by means of high-energy proton-proton collisions.'
UNSPOKEN: Time-space displacement experiments.
Rintaro: Time travel!
UNSPOKEN: I have to struggle to keep from shouting. I quickly run over to the window and close it. It might make it hotter inside, but it would be worse if people outside overheard us.
Kurisu: No way... it was true? You're telling me they've been deceiving the world for nearly 40 years?
Rintaro: Just as I suspected. A great shadow lurks behind SERN. Most likely the Organization, or one of its puppets.'
Kurisu: What Organization, you chuunibyou nutjob? At least try to be serious some of the time.
Rintaro: Hmph, don't be ridiculous. My words are always grounded in truth.
Itaru: Anyway, shouldn't it be 'the Committee' instead of 'the Organization'? That's what it says here.
Kurisu: The Committee of 300? I don't think they mean SERN's Executive Council. What are they talking about?
Rintaro: The world is full of lies. It's not as beautiful as you think.
Itaru: Listen, Okarin...
Rintaro: I am listening. The Committee of 300 is the dark power that controls every secret society, every government, every multinational corporation.
Kurisu: You're making things up again.
Rintaro: It's the truth. Google it if you don't believe me. Until now, the human race, for all its accomplishments, has never been able to overcome the barrier called time. The technology of time travel, which can break through that barrier, will change the course of human history. Literally. As it was when we split the atom, this forbidden fruit has the potential to grant us godlike power. Not a man exists who can resist its temptation. And naturally, all those with power will use any means at their disposal to obtain it. Human morality is naught but a joke to those who would stand with the gods. Understand, Christina?
Kurisu: ...Wow. That was quite a speech. Since you seem to know so much about it, does that mean you're aiming for godhood too?
Rintaro: What Hououin Kyouma desires is the destruction of all who would call themselves gods, the collapse of their hateful System, and a glorious new age of Chaos. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: I'm not asking Hououin. I'm asking Okabe.
Rintaro: I... I am Hououin!
Kurisu: In other words, you don't have your own reason.
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, assistant. How dare you attack my very identity?
Itaru: Forget about him, Makise-shi. Please keep reading.
Rintaro: Daru! What do you mean forget about me?
Itaru: I'm tired of listening to conspiracy theories. I'm more interested in the Z Program than in your delusions.
UNSPOKEN: I told you, they're not delusions, and they're not theories... But Daru does have a point. Our top priority now is to expose the dark side of the international research organization known as SERN.
Rintaro: Continue, assistant.
Kurisu: At least show respect when you're asking a favor...
UNSPOKEN: Though huffing out complaints, Kurisu obediently goes back to translating.
Kurisu: Umm... 'Stage 1: Construction and implementation of the Large Hadron Collider.' 'Over the past half century, beginning with the Proton Synchrotron completed in 1959, particle accelerator technology has reached the point where standardized results may be obtained.' 'Stage 2: Implementation and testing of lifter technology.' 'The formation of more than two artificial localized singularities, as well as the formation of Kerr black holes, will become possible when this stage is complete.' 'In order to hide the program's true goal, it is necessary to intentionally leak misinformation regarding the formation of black holes.' 'Stage 3: Animal experimentation.' 'Stage 4...