Kurisu: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu stares at the ceiling in thought.
Kurisu: Well, I suppose you could call the LHC the world's largest microwave oven.
Rintaro: Of course! In other words, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is a miniature LHC!
Kurisu: You might be on to something there.
UNSPOKEN: I was sure she'd deny it. In fact, I thought she'd yell at me. But instead, she agreed with me. Throws me off a little.
Kurisu: However, there are too many things we don't know about the PhoneWave. Why do the same phenomena that occur in SERN's time machine also occur in that tiny little microwave? Unlike the LHC, this thing wasn't made for time travel.
Mayuri: It was made to warm Mayushii's chicken!
Kurisu: W-well, yeah.
Rintaro: Since the jellyman phenomenon occurs with the PhoneWave (name subject to change), Mayuri's bananas must be reaching the Kerr black hole's ring singularity.
Mayuri: It makes a black hole? Here? It won't suck us in, will it?
UNSPOKEN: If it sucked us in, we'd become jellymen too.
Kurisu: But we still haven't figured out the electric discharge phenomenon, or the conditions required to cause it.
Itaru: During our experiments earlier, we were only able to send emails to the past during the discharge.
Rintaro: Although it hasn't happened again, that discharge phenomenon could very well signify the injection of charge -- that is, electrons. And only when it occurs does the path to the singularity open.
Kurisu: We don't know the cause of the discharge phenomenon.
Rintaro: That's what we need to find out.
Kurisu: In the first place, the emails we're sending to the past are digital data, not physical objects. That's a definite difference from SERN's time machine.
Rintaro: No, we're doing the same thing. Who's to say that digital data can't go through a singularity? I think it would be easier than sending something human-sized.
Kurisu: Well... I suppose that's true.
Mayuri: You know, the way you guys talk about email... It makes me think of folding a letter into a paper airplane and making it go zoom, you know?
Rintaro: It's more like a beam of light. Like optical digital data. By the way, it's a pain to keep saying 'email sent to the past'. Let's give it a proper name.
Kurisu: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Rintaro: What's that supposed to mean? You dare mock Hououin Kyouma!?
Kurisu: You just want to give it some oddball name, don't you?
Rintaro: Hmph! How rude. Heed me! I shall name the phenomenon of 'email sent to the past' as follows. The name shall be... Nostalgia Drive!
Kurisu: Confusing. Rejected.
Rintaro: Why you! Who gave you the authority to reject my ideas!? You're just an assistant!
Kurisu: Then why don't we take a vote? All in favor of Nostalgia Drive.
UNSPOKEN: My hand shoots into the air. But nobody follows suit.
Rintaro: Have you forsaken me, Daru!? Mayuri!?
Mayuri: Chris-chan's right. It's too hard for Mayushii to remember.
Itaru: It's way too chuuni, man.
UNSPOKEN: Traitors!
Rintaro: Fine! Then let's hear alternatives! Don't tell me you rejected my idea without having any bright ideas of your own!?
Kurisu: I think it needs to be something easy to understand. It's an email that regresses through time, so how about Retromail?
Mayuri: What does 'retro' mean?
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri is busy eating strawberry jelly. How can she eat that stuff after hearing about jellymen?
Rintaro: Sounds like you have your answer, Christina. You said it should be easy to understand, but it wasn't easy to understand at all, was it!?
Kurisu: B-but that's because Mayuri-san is... Uh, n-never mind...
Rintaro: Were you about to say 'because Mayuri's dumb'?
Kurisu: N-no!