UNSPOKEN: Daru looks around in confusion.
Rintaro: Wait. Daru, you remember too?
Itaru: Huh? Remember what?
Rintaro: That you just sent a D-Mail!
UNSPOKEN: Daru nods. Then I turn to Kurisu. She answers before I ask.
Kurisu: Of course I remember. What are you... Oh, I see. According to your hypothesis, you and I shouldn't remember sending the D-Mail.
Rintaro: Daru, did you beat Faris in the Faris Cup?
Itaru: ...I dunno.
Rintaro: You said the winner gets Faris's home cooking, right? Did you eat it? What happened?
Itaru: I don't know... This sucks.
UNSPOKEN: I check Daru's send history. As expected, the D-Mail he just sent isn't there. I do, however, find the D-Mail in his inbox. He received it two days ago, just like we wanted. This is the same thing that happened when I sent my D-Mail.
Kurisu: ...Maybe the past hasn't changed?
Itaru: I'll try calling Mayu-shi.
UNSPOKEN: He's the one who changed the past, yet he doesn't remember what happened after the change? That's odd.
Itaru: Mayu-shi? You're still at work, right? Is Faris-tan there? ...She is!? Um, can you ask her if I beat her in the Faris Cup? Did I get to eat her home cooking? ...Who lost? I did? Oh... Barely took five seconds? Oh... okay...
UNSPOKEN: Daru's shoulders droop as he hangs up the phone.
Kurisu: I guess that means the past hasn't changed.
Itaru: Why!? It changed for Okarin, right!?
Kurisu: Maybe your foolproof plan wasn't so foolproof. Like, maybe it only gave you a slight advantage.
UNSPOKEN: I had the same thought. Faris is supposedly a world-class player. Daru's time travel cheat may not have been enough.
Kurisu: Since Faris-san defeated you anyway, the past didn't change.
Itaru: Yeah, but I mean, the game would've played out differently.
Rintaro: That might not be enough to cause worldline divergence.
Kurisu: Like Okabe said, you need to make a change that's easier to observe. Or else there's no point to this experiment. Um, n-not that I approve of this experiment or anything.
Itaru: No, it's not over yet. I can still fight!
UNSPOKEN: Daru starts typing another mail.
Itaru: One more time. I'll try sending my past self some more advice. This time, something that'll ensure my victory.
Kurisu: You really want to win that badly?
Rintaro: More like he wants to eat Faris's home cooking that badly.
Itaru: That's my Final Answer.
UNSPOKEN: Daru writes another D-Mail. I don't bother checking what it says. I won't understand anyway. We activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change) and send the mail through, just like before.
Rintaro: Oh...?
UNSPOKEN: Nothing happens. No discharge. Usually, it happens ten to twenty seconds after pushing the start button. The timer counts down to zero without incident.
Kurisu: ...Out of time?
Rintaro: Looks like it.
Itaru: But my advice was perfect...
Rintaro: There's nothing we can do about it. We'll postpone the experiment till tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: I check the clock. It's just past 7PM. Looks like that's the cutoff.
Kurisu: After I left yesterday, I was thinking. How exactly does the PhoneWave make time travel possible?
Rintaro: It works like the LHC. Didn't you say the LHC was like a giant microwave?
Kurisu: If every microwave could turn into the LHC, then Japan would have black holes popping up everywhere.
Itaru: Whoa, that sounds worse than earthquakes.
Kurisu: I know it looks like SERN is able to create Kerr black holes willy-nilly, but that's not supposed to be possible. You can't just press a button and make a black hole. Even if you could, the risks would be unthinkable. It's ridiculous to suggest that a household microwave could generate a black hole.