UNSPOKEN: I don't think a simple request is going to change the past...
Rintaro: Can't you think of anything easier to change and observe?
Mayuri: Hmm...
UNSPOKEN: She slurps more ramen.
Rintaro: ...Let's use that canned ramen.
UNSPOKEN: Looks like I'm the only one with ideas.
Rintaro: You'll send a D-Mail to yourself one hour ago. Type 'I wanna eat canned oden' or something like that.
Kurisu: I don't think that's enough to convince her to--
Mayuri: Oh, that might work!
Kurisu: Eh...?
Mayuri: When I went to the vending machine today, I spent ten minutes wondering if I should get canned oden or canned ramen. It was really hard!
Rintaro: So a little push should be enough to make you choose canned oden! Alright, let's go with that!
Mayuri: Okay! But before we change the past, I gotta finish this ramen first.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri starts shoveling the ramen into her mouth.
Kurisu: What happens if you don't finish it?
Mayuri: It'll go to waste♪
Kurisu: Oh... of course. Ahaha...
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clearly doesn't know what to say. Mayuri really is a ditz. I'm used to it by now, of course. I get the PhoneWave (name subject to change) prepped for D-Mail. The content of Mayuri's mail is simple enough. I just hope it actually works. We wait for Mayuri to finish eating her canned ramen, then activate the PhoneWave (name subject to change). To send it one hour back, we input 1#. In other words, we set the microwave for only one second. I wonder if the discharge phenomenon will occur in such a short span of time. That's something else we'll learn from this experiment.
Rintaro: PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!
Mayuri: Aw... I haven't sent it yet...
UNSPOKEN: There wasn't enough time to blink.
Kurisu: So one second isn't enough for the discharge to occur. That's what I expected, but it's good to have proof.
Itaru: What if you try warming it up beforehand?
Kurisu: Warming it up?
Itaru: One second isn't enough, right? So just run the microwave for about 30 seconds without sending a mail. As soon as it's done, run it again with the timer set at one second. That should cause the discharge, right?
Kurisu: Any basis for that?
Itaru: Nope.
Rintaro: Damn. Mayuri, got anything else!?
Mayuri: Um, well... we could change the flavor of rice ball I bought last night...
Rintaro: Do you remember what kind of rice ball you ate last night?
Mayuri: Smoked tuna.
Kurisu: She remembers!?