Kurisu: Did it happen again, Okabe?
Rintaro: What do you mean, 'again'?
Kurisu: Something like this happened yesterday. You remembered something we didn't. Uh, what did you call it? Oh yeah, Reading Steiner.
UNSPOKEN: Yes, that's the name I gave this phenomenon -- or rather, to my ability to perceive it. When the worldline changes, everyone's memories are reconstructed to match. That's what John Titor said. But somehow, I alone retain my memories even after the past changes. I named this power Reading Steiner. Kurisu remembered. To tell the truth, I just made it up out of thin air. But now that Moeka has disappeared, I want to believe that this power is real. It's only their memories of Moeka that disappeared! Not Moeka herself! I need to contact Moeka. I need to make sure I didn't erase her very existence. But I don't know her phone number. The only way to contact her is by mail. I send her a message saying Reply the second you read this email. Now all I can do is wait for her reply. Please, reply...
Mayuri: Are you okay? You're really pale.
Rintaro: Y-yeah... I'm fine.
UNSPOKEN: In fact, I'm anything but fine. I'm fighting desperately to deny the possibility that I might have erased Moeka from existence.
Rintaro: ...Assistant, how much do you remember about the experiment we just did?
Kurisu: I don't remember doing any experiments today. You sent a D-Mail just now, didn't you?
Rintaro: ...Yeah. But things are different from yesterday. I didn't send the D-Mail. Kiryu Moeka did.
UNSPOKEN: And then she vanished into thin air. Which reminds me. When I sent the LOTO SIX mail yesterday, Daru teleported from the development room to the lounge. Moeka might not have disappeared. She probably just teleported somewhere. I hope that's it. In an attempt to calm myself down, I check my phone's history for the mails Moeka and I exchanged. That's strange. The mails she sent me are there, up until the one I received on July 31st at 12:43. But after that... The dozens of mails I remember receiving from her are gone. The D-Mail she sent to cancel the phone model exchange was set to arrive on July 31st. Did a time paradox erase Moeka from existence the instant she received the D-Mail? I shiver when I realize that I can't find any problems with that hypothesis. No way. It can't be. I mean, all her D-Mail said was don't change phone models. That's harmless, right? But then, what caused Moeka to disappear from this room like that? Why does it look like Moeka vanished four days ago?
Rintaro: Christina. Let's say a D-Mail caused a time paradox. What would happen?
Kurisu: ...I don't know. No one has experienced a time paradox, after all.
Rintaro: But before, didn't you say something like the world would disappear?
Kurisu: All I said was that that was one theory. Maybe nothing happens, and like in a certain movie, history gets amended to accommodate the paradox. According to Dr. Hawking's chronology protection conjecture, it's impossible to do anything that might cause a time paradox in the first place.