Kurisu: Okabe!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu's advances on me with a stern glare.
Kurisu: If you want to give me stupid nicknames, that's fine -- I mean, it's not, but... What you said just now is below the belt. I didn't take you for the kind of guy who thinks it's funny to hurt people's feelings, but I guess I was wrong. You're a real jerk, Okabe.
Rintaro: Huh?
UNSPOKEN: What did I do to deserve this tongue-lashing?
Kurisu: Apologize. Apologize to Urushibara-san right now.
Rintaro: Wait a second. I don't have to apologize for anything. I just said the tru--
Luka: It's okay.
UNSPOKEN: Lukako gets up from the sofa. His head is still hanging, and his voice is barely audible.
Luka: So that's how Okabe-san sees me...
Rintaro: No no no! That's not how I see you, Lukako. You're a guy, remember!? Or are you denying reality too!?
Kurisu: You're the one denying reality!
Mayuri: That's right! Luka-chan's a girl, Okarin. You're terrible.
Rintaro: Mayuri, when did you start calling Lukako 'Luka-chan' instead of 'Luka-kun'?
Kurisu: Cut it out already, Okabe! She's a girl!
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri nods in agreement. Uh... huh? What's going on here? Is this some kind of prank?
Luka: I'm going home!
UNSPOKEN: Lukako tries to slip by me out of the lab. I grab his hand to stop him from leaving.
Rintaro: Hold it, Lukako! You can't fool me! You're as much a man as I am! And I know how to prove it!
UNSPOKEN: I pin Lukako's arms and reach for his package. Let's see what you're hiding... down... Nothing.
Rintaro: Oh...?
Luka: ah...
Kurisu: You...
Mayuri: Awawa...
Rintaro: Ohhhh? Huh? What? Why?
UNSPOKEN: I feel around some more.
Luka: Ugh, no, don't... Okabe-san, please... stop... sniff.
UNSPOKEN: Nothing. Nada. It should be there. I mean, he's a guy... isn't he? An electric current runs through my brain. No way... Yes way. So that's what happened!
Rintaro: Lukako, you...
UNSPOKEN: The D-Mail that I thought had failed... Was actually a success!
Rintaro: You're a girl!?
Kurisu: That's what we've been saying!
UNSPOKEN: A half-second later, Kurisu cracks me over the head with her heavy textbook.
Luka: hic... ugg... egh...
UNSPOKEN: When my vision clears, Lukako is crying. Mayuri is rubbing her back comfortingly. Kurisu, meanwhile, is glaring down at me like I'm something she scraped off the bottom of her shoe. Daru, who arrived a moment ago, is in the corner, trying not to laugh. Honestly, I can't blame him.  Righteous High School Girl Makes Perverted College Guy Beg for Forgiveness If I had to put a title to this scene, that's what it would be. The top of my head is throbbing. Most likely because Kurisu wiped out a hundred million of my precious neurons, envied by scientists the world over. I put a moist towel to my head.
Kurisu: I want to vivisect your skull and remove your brain for a good washing. Then I'll submerge it in culture fluid so you can never do anything like that again! Anyway, just be thankful I haven't reported you to the police.