Rintaro: I am Lab Mem 001, the founder of the lab. If my friends are in danger, I'll rush to their aid. And I would tear my own limbs off before I knowingly brought harm to any of you.
Kurisu: Pff...
Rintaro: What's so funny?
Kurisu: That has to be the cheesiest thing you've ever said.
Rintaro: Hmph...
Kurisu: Still, it's nice to hear. The research institute I work at in America is full of talented people from all over the world... but it's not a friendly place. Everyone thinks he or she is the best. You think you have an ego? Over there, scientists hurl insults at each other on a daily basis. Sometimes they even sabotage each other's work. When my thesis was chosen to represent the lab, many of the older men complained. And when I came back here as a kind of reverse exchange student, my classmates were all too afraid to talk to me. Compared to that, your lab is childish... but comfortable.
UNSPOKEN: ...Seems like everyone has their own problems.
Kurisu: You're really concerned about Amane-san, aren't you? That part of you, I can respect. B-but I'm not praising you, okay?
UNSPOKEN: She suddenly blushes for some reason.
Kurisu: I just... you know... thought you should know...
Rintaro: Maybe I...
Kurisu: Eh?
Rintaro: Maybe all I ever wanted was friends.
Kurisu: Okabe...
Rintaro: There aren't many people I can trust...
UNSPOKEN: After all, I am an insane mad scientist wanted the world over. My enemies are everywhere waiting to strike! Curse this incredible genius brain of mine! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: I, um... think of you as a friend too.
Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: You said I was your friend, remember? You said I was important to you. That made me really... happy, I guess.
Rintaro: Do you have a fever?
Kurisu: No! What the hell!? Here I am trying to find something decent about you, and you... I don't care anymore, stupid! You're really... stupid.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu squares her shoulders and quickly walks ahead. I give chase. What just happened? Is this girl planning something? Maybe she really is plotting to take over the lab. No, wait. Maybe she's trying to sabotage the party because she doesn't like Suzuha. Hmph. No mere assistant is going to pull one over on the great Hououin Kyouma! Anyway, time to get my head in the game. We must prepare for the Last Supper, Operation Eldhrimnir. The Last Supper refers to our party for Suzuha. In the event she reunites with her father, we'll just celebrate normally. In other words, it will be her last supper in Tokyo. However... If she doesn't reunite with her father, we'll kidnap her and force her to participate in our experiments. Sacrifices must be made if we're going to perfect D-Mail technology. In that case, it will be the last supper on this worldline. The lab's budget -- most of which comes out of my pocket -- is tight, but it's okay to party every once in a while. There's no such thing as low-risk, high-return. High-risk, high-return. That is how a mad scientist operates. Muhaha, I can already taste Suzuha's despair!
Kurisu: Huh? Over there, isn't that...