UNSPOKEN: It's literally the same as the LHC!
Rintaro: So, if the LHC was created to generate mini black holes-- Then the PhoneWave (name subject to change) must also produce mini black holes!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu... doesn't deny it.
Kurisu: It's a miracle that thing has been so stable. But there's still one thing I don't understand. Even if it does produce mini black holes, they should evaporate instantly. But that's not what happens in the PhoneWave. The gelification phenomenon proves that. Just like in the LHC, our mini black holes are turning into Kerr black holes.
Rintaro: According to Titor, you have to inject electrons to produce the Kerr black hole effect.
Kurisu: Where do the injected electrons come from? That's what I don't understand. The LHC uses something called a lifter to inject electrons into the black hole and control the gravitational field. Something is filling that role inside the PhoneWave.
Itaru: S-something?
Kurisu: Like I said, I don't know what.
UNSPOKEN: So I guess that's what it comes down to. All Kurisu's explanation does is confirm our hypothesis that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) functions the same as the LHC.
Rintaro: Looks like we need to review what the LHC is.
UNSPOKEN: It's time for our LHC moe guy to shine.
Itaru: LHC stands for Large Hadron Collider.
Mayuri: Had drawn?
Kurisu: It's the name of an elementary particle.
Itaru: The LHC is basically a huge circular tunnel underneath Switzerland and France. It sits about 100 meters below ground, and has a total length of 27 kilometers. There are two rings that run through the tunnel. Inside the rings is a super-low-temperature vacuum -- an environment like outer space, basically. Seriously moe. In an adjacent facility, protons are gradually accelerated by the linear accelerator, the Proton Synchrotron Booster, and the Super Proton Synchrotron. Finally, they're injected into the LHC, where they undergo their final acceleration via a series of superconducting magnets installed in the tunnel. By now, they're traveling at up to 99. 9999991% the speed of light. That's enough to melt your brain. Not as dangerous as the PhoneWave, though. Finally, the accelerated protons collide approximately 1 to 10 billion times per second. The purpose of the LHC project is to study the high energy reactions that result... or so they say. We know they're a bunch of stinking liars.
UNSPOKEN: I guess that about covers it.
Rintaro: And that, my fellow lab members, brings us to the question. Can the PhoneWave (name subject to change) beat SERN to true physical time travel?
Kurisu: Two problems. One, setting the destination. Two, the lifter.
Rintaro: We've already established that the D-Mail arrives precisely when and where it's supposed to.
Kurisu: ...It's dangerous to accept that without verification.
UNSPOKEN: Agreed.
Rintaro: As for the lifter, we already know it exists. We just need to figure out what it is.
Kurisu: I don't think we're going to find it. The PhoneWave's not exactly big, you know, and we've been poking at it for days without turning up a clue. Even if we do find it, it'll take forever to learn how to tune the electron feed properly.
Itaru: How long is forever?
Kurisu: SERN's been working on it for nine years and they still haven't solved it.