UNSPOKEN: It seems like a strange coincidence that cellphones would be the medium of time travel, but really, could it have been anything else? These days, people wear their phones like a second skin. No other medium could reliably deliver the memories to their intended target. The more I think about it, the more I realize that this was meant to be.
Rintaro: Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA!
UNSPOKEN: I whip out my phone and place it to my ear.
Rintaro: It's me. Everything is falling into place. The plan can now proceed to the final stage. I'm talking about Operation Verthandi, obviously. Heh. Christina had me fooled. I never knew she was capable of this. It must have been the choice of Steins Gate that sent her here. Don't worry. I have everything under control. Nothing can stop us now. El Psy Kongroo.
UNSPOKEN: I put away my phone and turn to Kurisu.
Rintaro: Were you listening? Good. Commence preparations for Operation Verthandi!
Kurisu: First, explain what that is!
Rintaro: We're going to build your time leap machine, Christina. And you'd better not say it can't be done! Not after showing me the way!
Kurisu: Well, this is Akihabara. I should be able to find the parts I need.
Rintaro: Then it's decided. I'm placing you in charge of this operation. Whatever you need, ask, and it shall be yours. Together, we shall complete the first time leap machine in human history!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu nods. Her eyes are shining with a fierce, hungry light. As I thought. She's a scientist to the core! Mayuri and Daru go home, leaving me with Kurisu. She's sitting in the development room chair, endlessly twirling a pen in her fingers.
Rintaro: What are you doing?
Kurisu: Thinking about the time leap machine. I know we can make it, but I'm wondering what will happen if we actually use it.
Rintaro: Ah.
UNSPOKEN: She hasn't even started working on the machine, and she's already worried about what comes afterwards? That takes confidence, alright. Are all geniuses like this? What will happen when we use it... I doubt we can find an answer to that question. Not without testing it live. Kurisu knows that. What she's really wondering is whether it's worth the risk. That's why I avoid arguing with her.
Rintaro: You're thinking too hard. Finish the machine, then worry about it.
Kurisu: You're so pompous.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu groans and flops down on the desk. It's strange to see her like this. She's usually so cool and collected. But maybe that's an act, and this is who she really is.
Kurisu: Hey, Okabe... Can I talk to you about something completely unrelated?
Rintaro: I'd rather talk about something related.
Kurisu: You told me before that I could ask you anything. Remember?
UNSPOKEN: I did? I don't remember that.
Kurisu: I think... my father hates me.
UNSPOKEN: She sighs sadly. Ah, so that's what she wants to talk about. A conundrum. This isn't like before, when she was merely an advisor. The time leap project depends on Kurisu to succeed. It is clear, however, that she will be unable to focus as long as these petty concerns distract her. In that case, it falls to me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to solve her problem once and for all! Only then can she devote herself fully to the future of the lab!
Rintaro: Very well. Speak!
Kurisu: Heh... you really are pompous.
Rintaro: I assume it was your father on the phone the other day?
UNSPOKEN: I am speaking, of course, of when I found Kurisu outside the lab, crying into her phone. The mood was... delicate.
Kurisu: ...Yeah. I don't remember the last time he had a kind word for me. Even when we were living together, before I went to America, he acted like I wasn't there. We're supposed to be family, aren't we?