UNSPOKEN: Mayuri, who has been observing the discussion with glassy eyes, opens her mouth to speak.
Mayuri: Um, I have an idea... Why don't we make a banana time leap instead?
Kurisu: Oh Mayuri... Bananas don't have brains like people do.
Mayuri: Oh... you need a brain, huh...
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri never changes. The atmosphere in the room gets a little more relaxed.
Rintaro: Let's not experiment. We'll entrust the Time Leap Machine to a suitable research institution. Then we'll announce it to the world.
UNSPOKEN: Thanks to the lightening of the mood, I can finally say what was on my mind. Neither Kurisu nor Daru objects. No one has touched the Time Leap Machine since that discussion. Ridiculous as it sounds, I can't shake the feeling that it might suck my memories out and fling them into the past. Oh, the machine does have its appeal, of course. We're all tempted by the idea of becoming humanity's first time leapers. Yet the fear of what could happen won out in the end. Perhaps as a way to forget our fears and move on, we decide to hold a celebration to mark the completion of the device. Everyone feels the need to let loose after working so hard on the project. I have Daru order pizza while Kurisu and I go shopping for snacks. Akiba has always had a lack of supermarkets. That hasn't changed even with the anime stores gone. After we finish shopping, Kurisu and I walk along the evening streets. She looks like she's got something to say. She keeps stealing glances at me.
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: Upset?
UNSPOKEN: She frowns, like she didn't expect that question. Finally, she faces this way.
Rintaro: About our decision not to attempt a Time Leap experiment.
Kurisu: No, I'm not upset. 'Humans are temporal beings.' That's a Heidegger quote. I was actually relieved when you made the decision not to use the machine. If you hadn't been there, I might not have been able to stop myself. Thank you.
UNSPOKEN: What's this? Gratitude? Does she have a fever? I put my hand to her forehead to check. Kurisu twitches.
Kurisu: Uh, what are you doing?
Rintaro: You're talking like an assistant for a change. I thought you might have a fever.
UNSPOKEN: I drop my hand.
Kurisu: I'm not grateful to you or anything, okay!?
UNSPOKEN: Her voice is louder than it should be, and several people glance at us. Kurisu blushes and hangs her head. If Daru were here, he'd probably get all excited and say, A real tsundere, sweet!
Kurisu: Anyway.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clears her throat and returns to her usual sour expression.
Kurisu: That 'thank you' was just a formality. Don't get me wrong, okay?
Rintaro: Of course. I only did what I had to. I am the founder of the Future Gadget Lab, Hououin Kyouma. My first priority is to protect the welfare of my lab mems. So I have no need for your thanks.
Kurisu: And yet you always talk about plunging the world into chaos.
Rintaro: You are my allies, and the world is my enemy.
Kurisu: I'm speechless. You're too self-righteous.
Rintaro: You say 'speechless,' yet you're speaking?
Kurisu: Don't argue semantics.
UNSPOKEN: It's quite mysterious, really... It's only been two weeks since Kurisu and I met. And yet it already feels natural for us to be walking together, exchanging banter like this. Perhaps pooling our efforts to create something new -- dangerous though it may be -- has brought us closer together. I admit that her knowledge and skills are impressive. I'd like her to remain at the lab if at all possible, but she said she's going back to America this month. It's already the 13th, so I wonder when she plans to return. I decide to ask her.
Kurisu: Oh yeah, I forgot to get a plane ticket. I got too caught up in improving the PhoneWave.