UNSPOKEN: Something strikes the back of my head. My legs give out instantly, sending me to the ground. Darkness creeps in.
Attacker A: Target B in custody. Requesting pickup.
UNSPOKEN: Deep down, I knew. I can't save Mayuri. Even if Moeka's group doesn't kill her, someone or something else will. The world itself wants her dead. That is the choice of Steins Gate. ...Steins Gate? There's no such thing. Those words have no meaning.  It's just some nonsense I made up to sound cool. Steins Gate doesn't exist, but fate does. Fate. God. The will of the universe. An absolute force that no one can resist. It exists, and it has sentenced Mayuri to death. I wake up in the back of a station wagon. The windows are coated with black film, so I can't tell where we are. I feel a throbbing pain in the back of my head. My hands are tied behind me. What time is it? How long have I been unconscious? There's a man with me inside the car. I recognize him from a previous time leap. He's the one who stabbed Mayuri in the taxi. The man seems to notice I've woken up, but he doesn't speak. He just waves his gun menacingly, as if to say that there's no hope of escape. The dashboard clock reads 7:30. I look out the window again. Through the film, I manage to make out a street sign. We're close to the lab. Has the attack already happened? Before I left, I told everyone, including Mayuri, to run. If she did as I said, she won't die by their hands. But that doesn't mean she's safe. If I don't do something, Moeka's going to take the Time Leap Machine away. What will happen then? SERN can have the machine, if it will save Mayuri. The problem is that it won't, not when the world itself is determined to kill her. As long as the Time Leap Machine remains in my hands, I can keep trying to fix things. I'll leap again and again until I find a way to save her. But if I lose the machine, then the future is decided. A future without Mayuri. I have to get to it before they do, even if that means I might get shot. As long as I survive to reach the Time Leap Machine, everything will be alright.
Rintaro: Aaaaahhhhhh!!
UNSPOKEN: My bound hands limit me to headbutts and kicks, but I somehow manage to knock down the man guarding me and escape. My chest and neck are covered with blood. I must have been shot during the struggle, but thanks to the adrenaline pumping through my body, I barely feel any pain. I can still move. That's all that matters. I run up the stairs with my hands still tied. I can only pray that I'll be able to operate the Time Leap Machine quickly enough. Mayuri, Kurisu, and Daru are in the lab. So are Moeka and her men. When I open the door and burst in, everyone looks at me in surprise.
Mayuri: Okarin!
UNSPOKEN: When she sees my tattered body, Mayuri runs up to me with tears in her eyes. Wait! I try to stop her. In the corner of my eye, I see Moeka take aim at Mayuri. I try to put myself between them. I try to cover Mayuri with my body. But a man grabs me from behind and pulls me back.
Mayuri: Ah!
UNSPOKEN: I watch, helpless, as Mayuri's tiny body drops to the floor. Her eyes, wide and wet with tears, seem to stare into mine. But I can see that they have already lost their light. She's gone. Again... Again. Again!! What happens next is the same as before. Suzuha defeats the Rounders, and Kurisu helps me time leap. A flood of sound beats on my eardrums. When it subsides, I find myself again in the lab. It's just before 5. I have two and a half hours before Mayuri dies. I find myself staring at the Time Leap Machine. This thing is the reason for Moeka's attack. If only we had never built the PhoneWave. If only we had never sent those D-Mails. Perhaps the future might be different, instead of the nightmare it promises now. Would anything change if I broke it? Just smashed it to pieces right here? In a rush of delirium, I grab a chair and lift it high over my head. Just as I'm about to bring it crashing down on this infernal machine, a voice cries out.
Kurisu: Stop, Okabe! What are you doing!?