Rintaro: That's why I'm consulting you, so I can find a way to do this while hurting her the least.
UNSPOKEN: I take a mouthful of Dr P in a vain attempt to quiet my frustration.
Rintaro: ...If only I hadn't been so careless. I shouldn't have let so many people send D-Mails.
UNSPOKEN: This is my punishment. I must shoulder the pain of everyone who used a D-Mail -- Suzuha, Faris, and now Lukako.
Kurisu: Regret won't change anything. There's only one piece of advice I can give.
UNSPOKEN: Christina sighs, blowing her bangs.
Kurisu: Don't say anything to Urushibara-san.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: Based on what you've told me, you have the advantage this time. You already know the contents of the D-Mail. So you don't have to tell her -- him? Ex-him? ...You don't have to tell Urushibara-san. Just send the cancellation D-Mail.
Rintaro: You mean pose as Lukako and send the mail to her mother myself?
Kurisu: If the worldline changes, then that will all be undone. In which case, ethical concerns don't really matter.
UNSPOKEN: The end justifies the means. A philosophy worthy of a scientist.
Rintaro: Just one problem. I don't know her mother's pager number.
Kurisu: What!? Are you an idiot!? Why didn't you write it down!?
Rintaro: I didn't think I would need it!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu clicks her tongue. She rubs her brow with her fingers while muttering and thinking.
Kurisu: What if you just ask for the pager number directly? Think up a good excuse.
Rintaro: That's going to look suspicious...
Kurisu: What are you so scared of? That's not the vain and arrogant Okabe I know.
UNSPOKEN: Vain and arrogant? That was uncalled for. I don't have time to be Hououin Kyouma now.
Kurisu: Just make up some nonsense like you always do. I mean, you know how gullible she is, right? ...Wow, I hate myself for saying that. I'm a bad girl.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu hangs her head.
Rintaro: Maybe I should just tell her the truth. Sincerity will work better than underhanded tricks... I think.
Kurisu: A mad scientist, sincere? That's a good one. It's more like you to say 'I'll brainwash her, muhahaha!'.
UNSPOKEN: I'm being serious, dammit!
Rintaro: I will shoulder Lukako's pain. That's my responsibility. When I cancel that D-Mail, the fact that she was a girl will be undone. I'm the only one who can carry that burden.
Kurisu: So what are you talking to me for? Go to her now, and tell her what you told me.