Rintaro: What...did you say...?
UNSPOKEN: A date...? True, when a couple goes somewhere together, that's called a date. It would really be a dick move if I refused to go on a date right after we started going out.
Rintaro: Okay, but where?
Luka: Eh...
UNSPOKEN: Doesn't look like she's got a place in mind.
Luka: I want to go where you want to go, Okabe-san... Um, I want to know more about the places you frequent, Okabe-san...
UNSPOKEN: So in other words, she wants me to decide for her? It's really unfair to be so cute. People will forgive you for anything you say. I scratch my head in thought.
Rintaro: ...Then I'll come up with something by tomorrow.
UNSPOKEN: For now, I just want to get out of this sickeningly sweet atmosphere that's brewing. We arrange to meet tomorrow morning. Then I quickly leave the shrine behind. I breathe a sigh of relief at the sparsity of pedestrians on Manseibashi bridge.
Kurisu: Well?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is walking behind me. She was completely useless.
Kurisu: Did you agree to go out with her? Well, I can kind of guess based on Urushibara-san's reaction.
Rintaro: Wait, you saw that!?
Kurisu: You told me to watch, didn't you?
UNSPOKEN: Oh yeah... I was expecting her to give me advice. Guess I should've known better.
Rintaro: ...We're going on a date tomorrow.
Kurisu: Yeah?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu makes a small nasal sound. She hasn't been making eye contact.
Kurisu: Our insane mad scientist is dating a high school girl. That's not insane at all.
Rintaro: Gh...
UNSPOKEN: Damn you, Kurisu. Must you always be so cynical? Let's just ignore her and get to the lab. But just as I quicken my pace, she grabs my shoulder and pulls me back. I almost fall down backwards.
Rintaro: What was that for!?
Kurisu: Sorry. I didn't mean to be snippy. I'm just a little irritated.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu doesn't tell me what she's irritated about. Instead, she starts rubbing her temples.
Kurisu: You made this choice to save Mayuri. So I'll change my way of thinking too. Anyway, do you have any plans for your date tomorrow?
UNSPOKEN: Date plans. I told Lukako I'd come up with something by tomorrow. So far, I've made no progress. I can't help but feel uneasy about the whole thing, even though I'm doing it to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Well, do you?
UNSPOKEN: T-this calls for Hououin Kyouma...
Rintaro: ...I have only one thing to say, assistant mine. I am the great Hououin Kyouma, a mad scientist with an IQ rivaling that of Isaac Newton himself!
Kurisu: And?
Rintaro: Naturally, as a mad scientist, I have no interest in this thing mortals call love. My incredible brain is devoted to the destruction of the System that controls the world, and the birth of a new age of chaos!
Kurisu: You're obviously a virgin, thank you ver-- ...Hah!? ...P-pretend you didn't just hear that.
Rintaro: Damn you, assistant! How dare you point out the truth so bluntly! I won't forget this insult!
Kurisu: S-sorry...
Rintaro: And what about you!? Your experience must be vast indeed if you think you can lecture me about it!
Kurisu: Ugh...
UNSPOKEN: I don't miss Christina's grimace.
Rintaro: That's what I thought! You spend all your time on research, so you've got zero experience, don't you!? You must've been awfully lonely in America, huh!?
Kurisu: Shut up! What's wrong with being a virgin!? ...Hah!? Ah... awhawha...