UNSPOKEN: Kurisu starts to hurry away.
Kurisu: What's important for a first date is to make a good impression. An unclean appearance is out of the question. A haircut is especially important. Long hair looks dirty, so it's no good. For clothes, you should wear something exactly the right size. Though it may be trendy, especially in Akiba, for young men to wear baggy clothes, it looks sloppy, so it's not good.
UNSPOKEN: ...Why exactly am I in a maid cafe, getting date advice from my younger assistant (who is also a girl)?
Kurisu: On the first date, conversation tends to break due to mutual nervousness. What's important is to play 'conversation catch'. One-sided conversations aren't fun for the other side. Girls especially like to talk, so the guy should try to keep the conversation going. Not just by listening. Throwing in appropriate responses is also necessary. Responsiveness gives the girl the impression that you're really listening to her. Basically, you need to be the opposite of yourself. Anyway, focus on acting normal for now. No more of that idiotic laughter. You're too heavy-handed with girls. You talk too pompously. You fire off nonsensical delusions.
Rintaro: Hey! You're just reading out of a dating manual, so you've got no right to look down on me, you American virgin!
UNSPOKEN: Since neither of us knows anything about romance, we're studying out of a dating manual we bought on the way here.
Kurisu: Who are you calling an American virgin?
Rintaro: Who else but you?
Kurisu: Yeah, sure thing, virgin. There's a saying. 'A fortress is judged by how many attacks it repulses; a soldier is judged by how many fortresses he takes.'
Rintaro: That's not a saying. Don't look so proud of yourself.
Kurisu: ...You're right. This is a dumb argument. Anyway, this dating manual actually says some pretty interesting things.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu flips through the manual on top of the table.
Kurisu: Like 'when walking down the street, be sure to put yourself between your date and the road' or 'whatever you do, don't make the girl pay for anything'. Okay! For your date tomorrow, make sure you follow all of these rules.
UNSPOKEN: I wonder if I can really be that careful...
Kurisu: And after that, there's... carry a clean handkerchief. Spread it out when the girl goes to sit on a park bench.
Rintaro: I'm not her butler.
Kurisu: But that's what the book says. When it's time to eat, avoid fast food of all kinds. Family restaurants are borderline acceptable. Anything else depends on your budget.
Rintaro: Family restaurants are borderline...
UNSPOKEN: Where are the family restaurants in Akiba?
Kurisu: Arrive at the meeting place at least 15 minutes early. Tardiness is unacceptable.
Rintaro: 15 minutes early...
Kurisu: Then you just need to decide where to take her. Movies, art galleries, strolling through town, and food are all safe.
Rintaro: I see. It's easier than I thought. I was under the impression that a first date required going to a beautiful beach resort, exchanging your first kiss bathed in the light of the setting sun, and stuff like that.
Kurisu: Ah, that's really romantic! ...I mean, that's virgin imagination at full throttle. You've read too much manga.
Rintaro: You too.
Kurisu: Besides, your date's a minor, so don't even think about bringing her to a hotel, okay?
Rintaro: ...What do you take me for?
UNSPOKEN: That way lie... forbidden lusts. Not to mention, Lukako's such an innocent girl. If I brought her to a hotel, she'd probably faint from shock.
Kurisu: That just about covers it. Well? Was my lecture helpful?