UNSPOKEN: While they discuss what to do, I sigh and consider the situation.
Rintaro: This isn't going to work.
UNSPOKEN: The IBN 5100 is still out of reach. There are two D-Mails left to cancel. Something tells me that if I cancel just one more, I can get back the IBN 5100. But which one?
Luka: Um, Okabe-san. I don't really understand, but please don't be sad. J-just go 'It matters not!' like you always do.
UNSPOKEN: I chuckle. Lukako's so adorable when he's trying to cheer me up. But he's a guy.
Rintaro: You're using that phrase wrong, you know.
UNSPOKEN: I wave goodbye and leave the shrine. Two D-Mails remain. First, the one I sent to myself with the winning LOTO SIX numbers. That one should be easy to cancel. The problem is the other one, the one sent by someone I wish I could forget. Kiryu Moeka. I know the gist of her D-Mail, since she sent it as part of our early experiments. When Moeka asked to send a D-Mail, I agreed under two conditions. First, make the contents simple enough that the D-Mail's effects would be obvious. Second, make the contents public to all lab mems. Moeka ended up sending a D-Mail to prevent herself from buying a new phone a few days prior. The D-Mail was sent to July 31st, an easy date to remember. The question is how it relates to the theft of the IBN 5100. It must be the Butterfly Effect, as it was with Lukako's D-Mail. This time, however, I will not hesitate to do what is necessary. Kiryu Moeka does not deserve my sympathy. That woman and her men have killed Mayuri more times than I can bear to remember. I will show her no mercy. There's just one problem. The cancellation D-Mail needs to be sent from Moeka's own phone. I don't think a message from me telling her not to change phones would sway Moeka's intentions in the slightest. I need her phone, but I don't know where to find her. What do I do? I return to the lab and set things up so I can time leap at a moment's notice.  Fortunately, that isn't necessary.
Mayuri: Phew. I'm stuffed! I barely ate today, so I was hungry!
Kurisu: Is there more tomorrow?
Mayuri: Yeah, and the day after, too.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri just got back from ComiMa 30 minutes ago. She and Kurisu, who stayed behind at the lab, have just finished eating cup noodles. It's already past 8, and so far, nothing has happened. Mayuri is still alive. Going by the pattern, her death has probably been postponed until about this time tomorrow. Is this the will of some higher being? God, fate, the universe itself? Or is it merely coincidence? That doesn't matter now.
Mayuri: Okeydokey! Mayushii's got an early day tomorrow, so I'm going home.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri takes a big stretch and starts getting ready to go home. She's been up since five this morning. Looks like she plans to wake up early tomorrow, too. That reminds me. I haven't seen Daru at all. He's fighting in the ComiMa Holy War too, so that doesn't surprise me. Busy checking his spoils, I guess.
Mayuri: Hey guys, why don't you come too?
Rintaro: I'll pass, but my assistant looks like she wants to go.
Kurisu: What!?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu jumps up at my answer.
Kurisu: Hey! Don't put words in my mouth!
Rintaro: I saw your eyes sparkling while you listened to Mayuri's cosplay stories.
Kurisu: Maybe, but nobody said anything about going.