Kurisu: You go, Okabe. You're Mayuri's guardian, aren't you?
Mayuri: No, Mayushii is Okarin's hostage!
Kurisu: Oh, right. That's what it was. Well you don't want your hostage to escape, do you? Shouldn't you take her along in handcuffs or something?
Rintaro: I've got business in Akiba.
Kurisu: What do you mean, business?
UNSPOKEN: The search for Kiryu Moeka. I already sent her an email -- We need to talk. -- and now I'm awaiting her reply. Something tells me it's not going to work.
Kurisu: No answer? I guess it was just an excuse.
Rintaro: Christina. We need to talk.
Kurisu: Again? Abrupt as usual.
Rintaro: Hm? What do you mean, again?
Kurisu: Nothing.
Mayuri: Whatcha gonna talk about? You two have been really close lately, huh? You're always talking together. Mayushii really wants to join in your secret meetings and stuff.
Rintaro: Don't worry. We've been talking about the Time Leap Machine. It would just be gibberish to you.
UNSPOKEN: Not entirely accurate, but not a lie either.
Rintaro: Besides, the purpose of this particular discussion is to convince Christina to attend ComiMa. Prepare for good news, Mayuri! Muhahaha!
Mayuri: Oh, great! Thanks, Okarin.
UNSPOKEN: Mayuri waits in the lab as I take Kurisu outside.
Rintaro: So, Christina.
Kurisu: I'm not going to ComiMa.
Rintaro: You said 'again' just now. We've talked like this before, just the two of us?
Kurisu: Losing your memory now? Does our little mad scientist have an acetylcholine deficiency?
Rintaro: I'm being serious.
Kurisu: You're acting weird today. What's going on?
Rintaro: Please. I need to know.
Kurisu: I mean, yeah. This is like the fifth time you've brought me outside to talk about the Time Leap Machine.
Rintaro: Have we talked about my time leaping?
UNSPOKEN: For an instant, Kurisu opens her eyes wide in surprise. But then, she gives me an angry glare.
Kurisu: You're time leaping?
UNSPOKEN: I nod.
Rintaro: More than a dozen times already.
Kurisu: That many!? What the hell are you doing!?
UNSPOKEN: Hmm... Looks like she doesn't know anything about Lukako or my shifting between worldlines. But that's only natural. So far, I've changed worldlines a total of three times. Let's call the first worldline where Mayuri died Alpha 1. The worldline where Faris and I fought the Viral Attackers is Alpha 2. The worldline where I dated girl Lukako is Alpha 3. And now I'm on Alpha 4. From my perspective, Alpha 1, Alpha 2, and Alpha 3 were undone by my D-Mails. But for Kurisu and everyone else on Alpha 4, those worldlines were nothing but separate, intangible possibilities to begin with. I guess I have to explain everything again. I sigh heavily, then begin.
Kurisu: ...I think I get it.
UNSPOKEN: After I'm done, Kurisu sighs and lightly pats my arm.
Kurisu: Don't wear yourself out.
Rintaro: It's a disgrace to be comforted by my assistant.
Kurisu: Why are you always like that!? I'm even trying to be nice. You're really full of yourself, you know?
Rintaro: I don't need your sympathy. Everything that happened is my fault. I'm just getting what I deserve. ...Come to think of it, every time I explain this to you, I always end up hating myself in the end.
Kurisu: Okabe...