Rintaro: I tried to save Mayuri, but nothing worked. Every worldline converged on the same result, just as attractor field theory said they would.
Itaru: You know, if this is all in your head, I think you've got a career as a light novel author ahead of you.
Rintaro: It's true. All of it. To prevent Mayuri's death...
UNSPOKEN: And to free Suzuha's future from SERN...
Rintaro: We need to escape from the Alpha worldline. And I think we can do that by canceling all of our changes to the timeline so far. That should return us to the Beta worldline, the worldline that existed before I sent that first D-Mail. There's just one more step. We need to erase the first D-Mail from SERN's database.
UNSPOKEN: If what Suzuha said is correct, then erasing that data will take us over 1% divergence and back to the Beta worldline. It was just one short email, barely 36 bytes, but it changed the course of human history. The Butterfly Effect. 
Kurisu: Fascinating.
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu mutters as she sips her hot coffee. It looks like she's already recovered from her exhaustion.
Itaru: You believe him, Makise-shi?
Kurisu: In theory. I'd like to see objective data, but that's obviously impossible.
Rintaro: Relax. Your Time Leap Machine worked perfectly.
Kurisu: O-of course it did.
UNSPOKEN: She doesn't deny it. That's just like Kurisu.
Kurisu: Besides, we were already planning to crack SERN's database, weren't we? Fine. Let's see what's in there. If the mail data exists, then it's proof that what you said is true.
Itaru: So what you're saying is, 'don't think, feel.' Got it.
Kurisu: Uh, you lost me.
Rintaro: What he meant to say was, 'don't think, do.'
UNSPOKEN: Daru extracts his massive body from the space behind the desk, plops himself down on the chair, and wipes away his sweat.
Itaru: Done bridging them. I need to tinker with the settings a little, but we should be up and running in about ten minutes.
Rintaro: Alright.
Kurisu: So the first D-Mail started everything... Was that the one you showed me at ATF? The one that said I died or something.
Rintaro: Right. I found you dead at Radi-Kan and sent Daru an email. Daru happened to be experimenting on the PhoneWave (name subject to change) at the time, so the discharge phenomenon occurred and the mail... was...
UNSPOKEN: My voice trails off. Something is telling me to stop. Fear rises in my chest, a sudden, terrible certainty that I am missing something vital. I frantically replay the conversation in my head. We must cancel all of our changes to the timeline so far. The very first D-Mail started it all. The one that said I died or something. Return to the worldline that existed before I sent the first D-Mail.
Rintaro: ...!
UNSPOKEN: An icy fist seizes my heart, and I turn to Kurisu with a look of pure terror. Our eyes meet. Those eyes of hers no longer show the sharp defiance from when we first met. Instead, they glow warmly with the light of curiosity.
Kurisu: What?