UNSPOKEN: Kurisu suddenly starts speaking. The footsteps pass right by my hiding spot. I'm so tense, I can't move a muscle. The newcomer finally appears in my narrow field of vision. And it's...
Rintaro: ...!?
UNSPOKEN: Doctor Nakabachi! I slap a hand over my mouth to keep from shouting in astonishment. Kurisu and Doctor Nakabachi know each other!?
Suzuha: Oh, one more thing. Watch out for Doctor Nakabachi.
UNSPOKEN: Something else occurs to me. Why would Kurisu, an accomplished scientist, attend the presentation of a man like Nakabachi? He's just a two-bit inventor. Only fifteen people came to hear him speak, and that's including trolls like me. There wasn't even any press coverage. Besides, Kurisu hates time travel science. That much was obvious from her lecture at ATF. In that case, it's obvious why she's here. She didn't come to see his presentation. She came to see him. But why? What could be the connection? ...Wait. It can't be...
Kurisu: Are you listening, Papa?
UNSPOKEN: Papa... He's her father... her estranged father, who she told me she hadn't seen in seven years. Kurisu did say that her father was a physicist. And Nakabachi certainly is a physicist, though the scientific community at large has rejected his research. But wait... does this mean that Nakabachi killed his own daughter? Or was it someone else, someone who has yet to appear? There's no way to know. If I could be sure that Nakabachi was the killer, then I would intervene right now. But I'm not. I'd better keep watching, see what happens.
Nakabachi: What is that?
Kurisu: I heard you were giving a presentation on time travel. So I thought about it too. Could it be possible to make a time machine?
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu wrote a paper on time travel!? But when she spoke at ATF, she rejected the very idea of time travel! Although, come to think of it, she was awfully interested in the PhoneWave... ...Damn, I forgot how much of a tsundere she was.
Kurisu: I'd like your opinion, Papa. We can polish it together, then submit it to the scientific community. I don't know if they'll listen, but just in case, I do have acquaintances at Science Magazine.
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi takes out the document and starts reading it with a disgusted frown. So that's what it was. She didn't have anything dangerous in that envelope, like drugs or a gun. It was just some document. But that raises a new question. Could that be the Nakabachi Paper? According to Suzuha, that document sparked a time travel arms race that ultimately led to World War Three and the deaths of 5. 7 billion people.
Suzuha: It started with a race between the EU and Russia. Then America got involved, and things really went to hell.
UNSPOKEN: Is that why Kurisu's safety is so important to changing divergence? I get it now. Nothing is coincidence. Everything is inevitable. Nakabachi flips restlessly through the document. He's not even trying to hide his irritation.
Nakabachi: Did I ask you to write this?
Kurisu: Well... no, but... You invited me to come, remember? It was the first time we'd talked in seven years. That's what got me thinking. And as I worked on the thesis, I started to realize it might actually be possible to build a time machine.  If the thesis is published, you could have your revenge on the scientific community for shunning you--
Nakabachi: I wasn't shunned!
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi suddenly shrieks at Kurisu, causing her to shrink back in fear.
Nakabachi: Those incompetent bastards were just jealous of my superiority. I was the one who gave up on them!
Kurisu: Please don't yell...
UNSPOKEN: Nakabachi gives his daughter a disdainful snort, then goes back to flipping through the paper.
Kurisu: You read really fast, Papa. Just like I remember.