UNSPOKEN: Instead of answering, I close my eyes. I find myself strangely calm. No impatience. No tension. None of the anxiety I felt the first time. How many times have I tasted failure? My hubris hurt those closest to me. My foolishness cost them their dreams. And even though those mistakes have been undone, the memories still remain as a brand on my heart.
Okabe: You must not reject the three weeks you spent drifting between worldlines. You must not undo the past!
UNSPOKEN: It all meant something. Every mistake. Every sacrifice. Without them, I would not be standing here now. From that knowledge, I draw strength, confidence, and pride. The memories I shoulder deserve nothing less. And so, I am no longer afraid. I will reach the unknown worldline, Steins Gate. Its future is uncertain. But that is how it should be. For once, I need not worry what fate has in store. Only one thing matters now. Saving Kurisu. Gravity pulls at my back. Rainbow lights start drifting through the compartment. It's time. This is my Ragnarok. I exit the time machine onto the familiar rooftop. As before, it's empty. I can see the top of the train station a short distance away. This is the third time I've been here now. I run through the plan in my head one last time. Time is short, but I have no choice. I have to do it. No. I will do it. Failure isn't an option. I wait for Suzuha to break the lock, then I run inside just like last time. Narrowly avoiding the first me again, I descend to the seventh floor. Last time, I went all the way down to the fourth floor. But not this time. I direct my attention to the capsule toy machines near the landing. It's time for step one. RaiNet Kakeru Character Doll Series This is it. On July 28th, the first me won a super rare Metal Upa from this very machine. No time to waste. I insert the 100 yen coin I prepared beforehand and turn the lever hard. A capsule falls into the slot. Just as I grab it...
Mayuri: Look! RaiNet!
UNSPOKEN: My heart leaps into my throat. That was Mayuri's voice. She's already here!? I quickly turn and leave the area before Mayuri can see my face. Luckily, she's so entranced by the capsule toy machines that she doesn't realize who I am. Once I get down to the fourth floor, I check the contents of the capsule. The metal Upa is inside. This is the prize that was meant for me. Which means the first me will get-- The answer is obvious. Phase one is complete. Time for phase two. I turn around abruptly.
Kurisu: ...Ah!
UNSPOKEN: Kurisu is standing behind me, her mouth open in surprise. My timing was perfect.
Kurisu: H-hey, you just came down from the--
Rintaro: I...
Kurisu: Eh?
Rintaro: ...I'm going to save you.
UNSPOKEN: Leave everything to me.
Kurisu: What?
UNSPOKEN: I say no more. If I tell her everything, she'll have no reason to talk to the first me. On July 28th, she came to me during Nakabachi's presentation. She claimed that I had tried to tell her something, then proceeded to drag me out into the hallway for further questioning. That is part of my experience. This should be enough to ensure that it happens exactly as I remember. I pat Kurisu on the shoulder, then race back up the stairs.
Kurisu: W-wait!