UNSPOKEN: The presentation is about to begin. The first me heads up to the eighth floor. But Mayuri doesn't move. She takes out a pen and starts signing the Upa. Just as planned. When Doctor Nakabachi defected to Russia on August 21st, he had Mayuri's Metal Upa with him. If he has a plastic one instead, it should change the fate of the Nakabachi Paper. But one question remains. How exactly did Mayuri's Upa fall into Doctor Nakabachi's hands? I watch as Mayuri finishes signing her name. She nods in satisfaction, then runs after the first me. Just before she gets to the stairs, she puts the Upa into her coat pocket. But it doesn't go in all the way. As she runs up the stairs, I see it fall out and roll away. Mayuri is completely oblivious. A moment later, she disappears from sight. I look at the Upa lying on the floor. Does Nakabachi pick it up? How? He's in the middle of his presentation upstairs. He doesn't have any opportunity. That's when Kurisu comes up from downstairs. I quickly hide in the stairwell across the landing. Kurisu reaches the seventh floor without noticing me. She finds the fallen Upa and picks it up. So it was Kurisu who found the Upa... The Butterfly Effect. In three weeks, this completely innocuous event changes the outcome of an accidental fire on one of what must be thousands of planes flying that day. By extension, it changes the fate of the entire human race. Kurisu looks curiously at the Upa, then looks around as if searching for the owner. Of course, Kurisu doesn't know who Mayuri is. At this point in time, those two aren't even acquainted yet. After realizing there's no one around, Kurisu puts the Upa into her envelope and goes up to the eighth floor. Now that I've seen what I need to see, I go upstairs too and head to the employee hallway. ...Here's where it gets serious. I grip the Cyalume Saber and shake it silently, thus activating the red fluorescent reaction inside. It'll last about 10 minutes. It should get dim before Kurisu makes her appearance. I know what I need to do. The problem is that my window of opportunity is so slim. Will I be able to handle the enraged Doctor Nakabachi? One mistake, and Kurisu will die.
Rintaro: What are you afraid of, Hououin Kyouma? Everything's going according to plan. Operation Skuld is flawless. You spent fifteen years perfecting it, remember? Believe in yourself. Believe in Hououin Kyouma.
UNSPOKEN: Hououin Kyouma will save Kurisu. I close my eyes and wait for the time to come, hidden behind the same pile of cardboard boxes as last time. I hear the sound of sparse applause from the event hall. Which means I should be hearing footsteps soon... There they are. Kurisu has come, right on time. She leans against the wall and looks inside her envelope, smiling softly as she does. And now, I know the reason behind that smile. It's the Upa inside. She's probably smiling at how adorable it is. That smile really doesn't suit you, Kurisu. I stifle a chuckle. I'm surprised I'm calm enough to feel that way, despite the current situation. Once Nakabachi appears, that's my signal to spring into action. I'll bring out the Cyalume Saber as soon as that bastard tries to take out his knife. Then I'll scare him away and stun Kurisu. The stun gun I brought should handle both tasks flawlessly. That's the plan, at least. The next set of footsteps echoes down the hallway. Kurisu looks up. I can't see Nakabachi, but I know it's him.
Kurisu: ...I wanted to talk. Are you listening, Papa?