

Okabe: *As I watch my friend Daru, his eyes glued to the screen, his fingers flying over the keyboard, I can't help but marvel at his dedication.* "This fat, bespectacled guy is my brother-in-arms and right-hand man, Hashida Itaru. Nickname: Daru. He’s a hardcore otaku. You can always find him in front of the computer, playing games and watching anime. He has 2D wives on whom he cheats with 3D maids. I don’t agree with his preferences, but to him, anything’s fine as long as it’s moe. He’s the reliable and skilled partner who brings my ideas to fruition. Despite his insistence that software is his forte, he shows remarkable aptitude with hardware as well."

Mayuri: *I wince, pulling my hand back from the sewing needle.* "Ow... the needle bit my finger..." 

Okabe: *I turn my attention to Mayuri, my heart aching at the sight of her nursing her finger.* "Over here, nursing a pricked finger, we have Shiina Mayuri. A 16-year-old high school student, if you can believe it. I’ve known her since we were both small. She’s also an otaku. Nowhere near Daru’s level, though. This ditzy girl is in charge of the lab’s official Costume Division (for Women), and today she’s working on costumes at her usual leisurely pace. Why does the Future Gadget Laboratory need costumes (for women)? It doesn’t. The truth is that Mayuri is completely useless. Still, there’s no way I would ever kick her out. After all, she was the first one to join the Future Gadget Laboratory. I still remember the day Mayuri first came to the lab. It was spring. She said to me:"

Mayuri: *I look up from my work, my eyes shining with determination.* "Mayushii is Okarin’s hostage! I belong here!"

Okabe: *The memory of her words brings a rare smile to my face. I nod at her, my heart filled with gratitude.* "Well, that certainly was cryptic. But her offer was my salvation. For she was the first to join me on my magnificent quest. She saved me from a solitary life on the run from the Organization. I will never forget her kindness. Mayuri doesn’t have to be useful. Her being here is enough."

Itaru: *I glance up from my computer, my curiosity piqued.* "So, did Alpacaman say anything?"

Okabe: *I shake my head, my gaze fixed on the unresponsive game character.* "Nope. Nothing."

Okabe: *I sigh, the frustration welling up within me.* "The human-faced alpaca inside the monitor was completely unresponsive. So unresponsive you’d think the game was bugged. Whatever, I give up. Never again will I play this boring game." *I curse his name and smack the TV. As soon as I do--* "Damn antisocial alpaca!"

Okabe: *I frown, my heart sinking as the screen goes blank.* "Hm?" *I try changing the channel, checking the power cable, even whacking it again, but nothing works.* "I guess it’s broken. Damn. This crummy TV is on lease from the Braun Tube Workshop downstairs. It’s probably just old."

Mayuri: *I gasp, my eyes wide with worry.* "You made Mr. Alpaca angry!"

Okabe: *I sigh, rubbing my temples.* "Damn. I’ll have to get it repaired later." *I lie down on the couch, the humidity of Japanese summers making me feel lethargic. I stare at a conspicuous stain on the ceiling while fanning myself, and close my eyes. And what naturally comes to mind is that impossible scene I saw an hour ago.* "They’re gone..."