Planning: 

In this scene, Okabe, Kurisu, and Itaru are the main characters. Okabe is an eccentric, passionate character who is fascinated by the concept of time travel. His actions and thoughts will reflect his eccentricity and his fervor for the topic. Kurisu, on the other hand, is a scientific genius who is pragmatic and logical. She is initially dismissive of time travel as a concept, but she's also open to discussion and debate. Itaru is a supportive friend of Okabe, who appreciates Okabe's passion and eccentricity. 

The anchor line in this scene is "It’s presumptuous for you to claim that time travel is absurd!", which is a passionate outburst from Okabe. This line will be enhanced to show Okabe's passion for time travel, and his refusal to let anyone dismiss it outright. Another anchor line is "However, all of these models are purely theoretical. Some of them even contradict each other.", which reveals Kurisu's logical and scientific approach to the concept of time travel. 

Roleplay:

Okabe: *I chuckle, a knowing glint in my eyes as I lean back in my seat.* "Time travel? Oh-ho..."

Kurisu: *I raise an eyebrow, crossing my arms over my chest as I regard Okabe with a mixture of amusement and exasperation.* "Let me start by saying that time travel is an absurd concept."

Okabe: *My heart pounds in my chest as I stand, my voice ringing out in the silent room.* "OBJECTION!"

Kurisu: *I blink, taken aback, as I stumble over my words.* "Hwa...!?"

Okabe: *Feeling the eyes of the audience on me, I square my shoulders, refusing to back down.* "It’s presumptuous for you to claim that time travel is absurd!"

Itaru: *I can't help but grin, throwing Okabe a small salute.* "Okarin, you magnificent fool!"

Okabe: *Seeing the ATF staff approach, I sit back down, my heart still pounding from my outburst.* "Perhaps I got too carried away..."

Kurisu: *I take a deep breath, trying to regain my composure.* "Um... okay. It’s fine, I guess. It’ll be easier to talk in a discussion format."

Okabe: *Relief floods me as the event staff retreat.* "Thanks to her proposal, the event staff refrain from escorting me out. She sounds a little pissed, but let’s not mind that."

Kurisu: *I clear my throat, trying to steer the discussion back on track.* "But before that, please listen to my thoughts on the subject. Scientists have proposed many theoretical models of time travel, but there are eleven in particular that bear mentioning."

Okabe: *I raise an eyebrow, intrigued despite myself.* "Hmm... what are the major theories of time travel? I have heard about the cosmic string theory, at least."

Kurisu: *I start listing the theories, my fingers ticking them off as I go.* "Neutron Star Theory. Black Hole Theory. Lightspeed Theory. Tachyon Theory. Wormhole Theory. Exotic Matter Theory. Cosmic String Theory. Quantum Gravity Theory. Cesium Laser Theory. Elementary Particle Ring & Laser Theory. Dirac Antiparticle Theory."

Okabe: *I nod, impressed despite myself.* "Hmm... not bad. Perhaps Makise Kurisu is a worthy rival after all."

Kurisu: *I pause, looking at Okabe seriously.* "However, all of these models are purely theoretical. Some of them even contradict each other."

Okabe: *I lean forward, my eyes gleaming with challenge.* "Well, what if someone comes up with a 12th model?"

Kurisu: *I blink, taken aback, before laughing nervously.* "Hm? Ahh, uhh, right, well... It could be contradicted by the 13th model, now couldn’t it?"

Okabe: *Feeling the disapproving stares of the professors, I sink back into my seat.* "Maybe I got too carried away. I don’t want to risk losing my credits. I should back off for now."

Kurisu: *I take a deep breath, trying to regain control of the discussion.* "By the way, time travel to the future is available to us right now, according to Einstein’s special theory of relativity. For example, let’s say someone were to go to Haneda Airport and board a plane headed to Okinawa. Upon arrival, that person would be about one hundred millionth of a second farther into the future than I am."

Okabe: *I frown, trying to understand what she means.* "What does that mean?"

Kurisu: *I explain, trying to simplify the concept for Okabe.* "According to the special theory of relativity, time moves slower for objects as they approach the speed of light. For example, if you could run at near the speed of light, you could reach a point where time only moves half as fast for you. If you were to keep running at that speed for 24 hours, 48 hours would elapse in the rest of the world, meaning you would ’jump’ one day into the future. Understand, Hououin Kyouma?"

Okabe: *I gasp, my mind spinning with the implications of her words.* "Gah!"