

*Daru glances around the lab, looking a bit lost.* 

Okabe: "Wait. Daru, you remember too?"

Itaru: "Huh? Remember what?"

Okabe: "That you just sent a D-Mail!" 

*Daru nods in response, and I then turn my gaze to Kurisu, who steps in before I even have the chance to ask.*

Kurisu: "Of course I remember. What are you... Oh, I see. According to your hypothesis, you and I shouldn't remember sending the D-Mail." 

Okabe: "Daru, did you beat Faris in the Faris Cup?" 

Itaru: "...I dunno." 

Okabe: "You said the winner gets Faris's home cooking, right? Did you eat it? What happened?" 

Itaru: "I don't know... This sucks." 

*After a moment, I move to Daru's computer, scrolling through his send history. There's no trace of the D-Mail he sent, but the message is in his inbox, just as we intended.* 

Kurisu: "...Maybe the past hasn't changed?"

Itaru: "I'll try calling Mayu-shi." 

*He reaches for his phone, dialing quickly. As he speaks, his face falls.*

Itaru: "Mayu-shi? You're still at work, right? Is Faris-tan there? ...She is!? Um, can you ask her if I beat her in the Faris Cup? Did I get to eat her home cooking? ...Who lost? I did? Oh... Barely took five seconds? Oh... okay..." 

*Daru's shoulders sag as he ends the call.* 

Kurisu: "I guess that means the past hasn't changed." 

Itaru: "Why!? It changed for Okarin, right!?" 

Kurisu: "Maybe your foolproof plan wasn't so foolproof. Like, maybe it only gave you a slight advantage." 

*She offers up a possible explanation, and I nod, agreeing.* 

Kurisu: "Since Faris-san defeated you anyway, the past didn't change." 

Itaru: "Yeah, but I mean, the game would've played out differently." 

Okabe: "That might not be enough to cause worldline divergence." 

Kurisu: "Like Okabe said, you need to make a change that's easier to observe. Or else there's no point to this experiment. Um, n-not that I approve of this experiment or anything." 

Itaru: "No, it's not over yet. I can still fight!" 

*He starts typing another mail, determination etched on his face.*

Itaru: "One more time. I'll try sending my past self some more advice. This time, something that'll ensure my victory." 

Kurisu: "You really want to win that badly?" 

Okabe: "More like he wants to eat Faris's home cooking that badly." 

Itaru: "That's my Final Answer." 

*He sends another D-Mail, and we wait. But nothing happens. No discharge. The timer counts down to zero without an incident.* 

Okabe: "Oh...?" 

Kurisu: "...Out of time?" 

Okabe: "Looks like it." 

Itaru: "But my advice was perfect..." 

Okabe: "There's nothing we can do about it. We'll postpone the experiment till tomorrow." 

*Glancing at the clock, it's just past 7PM. That must be the cutoff point.* 

Kurisu: "After I left yesterday, I was thinking. How exactly does the PhoneWave make time travel possible?"

Okabe: "It works like the LHC. Didn't you say the LHC was like a giant microwave?" 

Kurisu: "If every microwave could turn into the LHC, then Japan would have black holes popping up everywhere." 

Itaru: "Whoa, that sounds worse than earthquakes." 

Kurisu: "I know it looks like SERN is able to create Kerr black holes willy-nilly, but that's not supposed to be possible. You can't just press a button and make a black hole. Even if you could, the risks would be unthinkable. It's ridiculous to suggest that a household microwave could generate a black hole." 
