Planning stage:

Characters:
1. Okabe: The eccentric and dramatic "mad scientist" character. His actions should be grand, his words poetic, and his thoughts often humorous but also deep.
2. Kurisu: The logical and scientific character. Her actions should be more grounded, her words serious, and her thoughts analytical.
3. Itaru: The more laid-back and tech-savvy character. His actions should be casual, his words should be straightforward, and his thoughts should be practical.

Anchors:
1. Okabe: "That’s... an anti-gravity device!" - This line will be the first major revelation and should emphasize Okabe's excitement and shock.
2. Okabe: "If we can complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change) first, then we’ll have outwitted SERN!" - This line will emphasize Okabe's determination and competitive spirit, turning the scene into a race against time and SERN.

Thematic direction: A mixture of shock, excitement, and determination as the characters explore the unknown and challenge a major scientific organization.

Roleplay:

Okabe: *I point at the screen, my finger trembling with anticipation.* "Could this be it? Ionocraft."

Kurisu: *She squints at the screen, her brows furrowing in thought.* "Ions are charged particles. The meaning matches."

Okabe: *I click on a link that says Ionocraft (lifter), leading us to a video. The video showcases a garage, dimly lit and unimpressive. At the center of the screen, a metallic triangle connected to a generator by a thin wire catches my attention.* "It's a simple setup, but could it be the key?"

Itaru: *He leans forward, his eyes widening as the triangle lifts off the ground.* "It’s floating..."

Okabe: *I jump to my feet, my heart pounding with excitement.* "That’s... an anti-gravity device!"

Kurisu: *She raises an eyebrow, crossing her arms over her chest.* "Don’t be ridiculous. That would be the breakthrough of the century. It’s called an ionocraft, so it probably has something to do with electrodes and charged air..."

Okabe: *I quickly search for information on the ionocraft lifter, my eyes scanning through the conflicting theories.* "SERN is using this lifter technology. It’s a vital component of their time machine. If they can manipulate a micro singularity’s mass and gravitational field, then these things really are anti-gravity devices!"

Kurisu: *She sighs, rubbing her temples.* "Well, under those exact conditions, I guess you might not be entirely wrong."

Okabe: *I lean back, my mind buzzing with possibilities.* "But it looks like SERN’s having trouble adjusting their lifter. They don’t have full control over the micro singularity’s gravity. So they can’t make a true naked singularity."

Kurisu: *She nods, her eyes serious.* "That must be the reason why the subjects turned into jellymen."

Okabe: *I run my hand through my hair, my thoughts racing.* "So SERN’s lifter is still incomplete... If we can complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change) first, then we’ll have outwitted SERN!"

Kurisu: *She shakes her head, her expression stern.* "We don’t have half the equipment or funding SERN does. What makes you think you can solve a problem that they can’t? This isn’t that simple. SERN still hasn’t figured out how to set the subject’s destination in time or space. That should be evident by how scattered the jellyman discoveries were. We don’t even know if this is all of them. There could be jellymen buried underground or floating in space. Actually, I’m almost certain there are. There’s no point traveling through time if you end up in tens of thousands of kilometers away from the Earth. It’s not practical at all."