

Okabe: *I feel the weight of Moeka’s persistence pressing down on me, her relentless mail attacks a reminder of her tenacity. Escape is not an option. Panic threatens to overtake me. In a desperate attempt to regain control, I press my phone to my ear.* "It’s me. There’s a problem. ...No, not that. Information on Number 8 got leaked to a third party. ...Yeah, I know. I need to do something. Depending on the situation, I may have to silence her. ...Yeah, I know. We can’t let the Organization know about this. Steins Gate seems to enjoy sending trouble my way. ...Heh, don’t worry. My seat in hell can wait until Ragnarok is over. El Psy Kongroo."

Okabe: *With a shaky breath, I pocket my phone and turn my attention back to Moeka.*

Moeka: "...Who was that?"

Okabe: "It doesn’t concern you." *I say curtly, my eyes never leaving hers.*

Okabe: *I watch as Moeka's fingers dance across her phone screen, typing out another message. Her face is unreadable, devoid of any sign of the storm brewing within her. I ignore the ping of her sent message and take a step towards her, my figure now a barrier between her and the door.* "Kiryu Moeka. You must swear to protect our secret... or die. Choose now. No time to think it over. No alternatives either. You have learned our secret, and now you must pay the price."

Moeka: "...You’ll kill me?"

Okabe: "Only if you try to go public. Underestimate the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma, at your per--"

Itaru: *I'm interrupted by Itaru's nonchalant voice.* "Are you at it again, Okarin?"

Okabe: *I whirl around in surprise, my heart pounding.* "Imbecile! Because of your careless tongue, she found out that the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is a time machine!"

Moeka: "A... time machine!"

Itaru: *He scratches his head, a sheepish grin on his face.* "Uh, that was pretty careless too."

Okabe: *I groan, my shoulders slumping in defeat.* "Guh... This is a disaster. All the worst-case scenarios are unfolding before my eyes. How do I salvage this? I need to silence Moe--"

Mayuri: *The door swings open and Mayuri prances in, a bright smile on her face.* "Tutturu♪ Good morning! Okarin! Mayushii wants to warm up some chicken before you start the time travel experiments."

Okabe: *I drop to my knees, my despair tangible.* "Kiryu Moeka. I’ll tell you everything... and I have a favor to ask. Tremble, right arm of mine! By the covenant I command thee. Come forth, hellfire of darkest black! Fulfill my desire for ultimate destruction. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust! Hrraahm!!" *I thrust my arm towards the ceiling, my declaration echoing through the room.*