

Okabe: *I lean back in my chair, folding my arms behind my head with a smirk.* "I’m not trolling, just naming her power."

Kurisu: *With a stern look on her face and arms crossed, she interjects,* "Cut the chatter and get started."

Okabe: *I grit my teeth in annoyance, muttering to myself,* "Gh, dammit. You’re just an assistant. Don’t boss us around!"

Itaru: *He glances nervously towards the door, wringing his hands together.* "What if the manager says something?"

Okabe: *I thrust my chest out, a manic grin spreading across my face.* "Muhahaha! Don’t be afraid of Mister Braun! If he storms in yelling, I’ll kick him to the curb!"

Itaru: *His eyes light up in admiration.* "Seriously? Okarin, you’re so cool! That’s why we love you!"

Kurisu: *She rolls her eyes, crossing her arms.* "He’s just talk."

Okabe: *Ignoring Kurisu's jab, I turn to Moeka, who has already written her 36-byte mail. I nod at her, and she nods faintly in return. We set the timer to 100 seconds. The D-Mail should arrive at Moeka’s phone four days ago -- July 31st.* "PhoneWave (name subject to change), activate!"

Okabe: *About 15 seconds after activation, the discharge phenomenon occurs. I glance at Moeka. She nods grimly, an unusual show of emotion. And then, she presses the button. The world twists into unrecognizable shapes. The floor is shaking. Or is it me? My vision blurs and loses color.* "Guh!!"

Okabe: *The world lurches. I struggle to keep my balance. As I brace myself against further shaking, I try to analyze what I’m experiencing. This is far more intense than what happened when we sent the D-Mails yesterday. And yet, I’ve felt it before. I remember. This is what I felt right before the mass disappearance phenomenon. The shaking stops. I relax my body and look around. Has the past changed? Of course it has. That bizarre sensation just now was proof. I look around the room. The PhoneWave (name subject to change), which should have about 90 seconds left on the timer, is silent. Daru’s here. Mayuri’s here. Kurisu’s here. ...Where’s Moeka?* "Where’s Shining Finger? Where’d she go?"

Kurisu: *She looks at me strangely, her eyebrows furrowing in confusion.* "Shining what?"

Itaru: *He looks just as puzzled, scratching his head.* "Okarin. Japanese please."

Okabe: *I race around the room, my heart pounding in my chest. I check the lounge, behind the sofa, in the dressing room, the bathroom, and the shower room. I look out the window at the street below. But Moeka is nowhere to be found. She’s... gone. No way. This is exactly what happened on the streets of Akiba. Why did she disappear!? Because I experimented on her!? Where did she go!? Did I erase her from history!? Did I banish her into the space between dimensions!? I start quivering in horror at the magnitude of my error. In a daze, I step up to Mayuri, who’s eating a banana. I grab her shoulders and shake her.* "Where’s Kiryu Moeka? She was here just now, wasn’t she!?"