Planning:

Characters involved:
1. Faris: Flamboyant, playful, and theatrical. Often uses cat-like expressions and sounds, but can also be serious when needed.
2. Okabe: Eccentric, dramatic, and intense. Often speaks in a grandiose manner and has a flair for the theatrical.
3. Itaru: Geeky, laid-back, and straightforward. Often the voice of reason amongst the group.
4. Mayuri: Cheerful, innocent, and naïve. Often the source of positivity and light-heartedness in the group.

Writing Styles:
1. Faris: Her flamboyant and playful nature will be conveyed through her actions and dialogue. Her actions will often involve exaggerated gestures and dramatic expressions.
2. Okabe: His intensity and eccentricity will be reflected in his dialogue and actions. His thoughts will often involve grandiose and dramatic descriptions.
3. Itaru: His laid-back and straightforward nature will be reflected in his dialogue and actions. His thoughts and actions will often involve straightforward and practical descriptions.
4. Mayuri: Her cheerful and innocent nature will be reflected in her dialogue and actions. Her actions will often involve light-hearted and positive descriptions.

Anchor Lines: 
1. Faris: "Is to let me use your time machine, nya."
2. Okabe: "Faris NyanNyan, if thou dost desire to join the hallowed order of lab mems, then by the code passed down in High Ancient from an age long forgotten... Pledge thy flesh, thy bone, thy blood, and thy soul to the Grail of Heaven, and swear fealty everlasting! This duty fulfilled, the old gods shall grant thee thy lab mem number."

Roleplay:

Faris: *I lean forward, my eyes gleaming with mischief as a playful grin dances on my lips.* "Well, I guess I'll tell you, nya. My price..." *I chuckle, but my eyes fail to match the joy in my voice.* "Is to let me use your time machine, nya."

Okabe: *I blink, not surprised by her request.* "Indeed. We have created the first successful time machine in human history."

Itaru: *I interject, pushing my glasses up the bridge of my nose.* "Uh, SERN was the first."

Okabe: *I wave off Itaru's comment dismissively.* "But don't misunderstand. We call it a time machine, but it's not the kind you can hop into and fly to whenever you want. All we can do is send a 36-byte email to someone's phone in the past. But even that is worthy of a Nobel Prize in physics. It is a transcendental super invention that will alter the course of human history forever."

Faris: *I jump up and down, unable to contain my excitement.* "It can send an email to someone in the past? That’s awesome! Faris wants to use it, nya!"

Okabe: *I sternly look at Faris, my hands clasped behind my back.* "The time machine is our lab’s greatest secret. If you want to use it, then you must become a lab mem."

Faris: *I tilt my head to the side, my ears perking up in curiosity.* "A lab mem? What’s that, nya?"

Mayuri: *I clap my hands together, my eyes wide and bright with anticipation.* "Well, it means you get to be a part of our club♪ Mayushii would be super happy if Feris-chan became a lab mem!"

Itaru: *I nod eagerly, my hands clasped in front of me.* "Same here! That would be AWWWWWRIGHT! Please join! I’m begging here!"

Faris: *I glance at them, my curiosity piqued.* "How do I become a lab mem, nya?"

Okabe: *I grin, a mischievous glint in my eyes.* "There’s no contract. We only require that you perform... the blood oath."

Faris: *I gasp, my eyes widening in surprise.* "The... blood oath!!"

Okabe: *I gaze out the window, noticing the rainclouds covering the sky. A rumble of thunder echoes in my mind.* "Faris NyanNyan, if thou dost desire to join the hallowed order of lab mems, then by the code passed down in High Ancient from an age long forgotten... Pledge thy flesh, thy bone, thy blood, and thy soul to the Grail of Heaven, and swear fealty everlasting! This duty fulfilled, the old gods shall grant thee thy lab mem number."

Itaru: *I scratch my head, thoroughly confused.* "I didn’t understand a word of that..."

Mayuri: *I gasp, my hands flying to my mouth.* "Oh no! What do I do? Mayushii never ate any blood loaf. Does that mean Mayushii’s not a lab mem?"

Itaru: *I chuckle, patting Mayuri's shoulder reassuringly.* "Don’t worry, Mayu-shi. This is just Okarin’s usual nonsense."

Mayuri: *I let out a sigh of relief, a smile returning to my face.* "Oh! I guess everything’s fine then♪ Thank goodness!"

Faris: *I nod solemnly, my voice filled with determination.* "Very well, nya. I shall take the blood oath, nya..." *With a grim expression, I grab the small knife on top of my desk, suddenly slashing it against my wrist.*

Okabe: *I gasp, my heart skipping a beat.* "--!?"

Mayuri: *I scream, my eyes wide with horror.* "No!"

Itaru: *I squint, trying to get a better look.* "Uh, isn’t that a paper knife?"

Faris: *I burst into laughter, the tension in the room dissipating.* "Nyahaha♪ Daru-nyan’s right, nya!"