Character Personality Analysis:

1. Itaru: He is an expert hacker and is often the voice of reason in the group. His actions and thoughts will reflect his analytical nature and skeptical approach towards theories.

2. Kurisu: A genius scientist who is often serious and pragmatic. Her actions will reflect her thoughtfulness and determination.

3. Okabe: He is eccentric, dramatic, and often acts on impulse. His thoughts and actions will reflect his passionate nature and his tendency to get lost in his theories.

I'll be focusing on the following lines as the anchors of the scene:

1. Kurisu: "Maybe we can do it!" 
2. Okabe: "How do you plan to convert humans into data?"

Roleplay:

Itaru: *I lean back in my chair, my gaze wandering over the cluttered lab as I ponder the question.* "How long is forever?"

Kurisu: *I cross my arms, my brows furrowing as I think about the complexity of the task.* "SERN’s been working on it for nine years and they still haven’t solved it."

Okabe: *I rub my chin, a sudden spark lighting up my eyes.* "Let’s look at it from a different angle. SERN tried to send people back in time, but they couldn’t get the electron feed right. The singularities were not naked. It’s the same with the PhoneWave (name subject to change). You can only send 36 bytes of data safely. Otherwise, you get a Jellyman. Let’s consider the problem in reverse. What if we could convert a human to data, then compress that data into just 36 bytes? We could send that person through the ring singularity just like a D-Mail, couldn’t we!?"

Itaru: *I shake my head, my hands instinctively reaching for the keyboard.* "Convert a human to data? That’s not even possible, man. And even if it were, there’d be like exabytes of data or something! You want to compress that into 36 bytes? Are you high?"

Okabe: *I scratch my head, a sheepish grin spreading across my face.* "Hmm... I thought it was a good idea..."

I turn to Kurisu, meaning to ask her opinion, and then I realize that her expression has changed dramatically. Her eyes are wide as saucers, and her mouth is hanging open.

Kurisu: *She catches her breath, her voice barely more than a whisper.* "Of course... If it works, then maybe..."

She pauses for a second, and then...

Kurisu: *Her voice suddenly filled with newfound enthusiasm.* "Maybe we can do it!"

Do what? Time travel? It’s hard to believe what Kurisu is saying, even though it was my idea in the first place.

Okabe: *I blink in surprise, leaning closer to her.* "Are you serious?"

Kurisu grins triumphantly in response.

Kurisu: *She nods, her eyes gleaming with determination.* "The data compression part, at least, is easy. We can just use the black holes created by the LHC, since black holes compress everything they swallow. Compression won’t harm data like it would harm a human. As long as we’re just sending data, there’s nothing to worry about."

I get it! But wait, can we really pull off such a stunt? And besides...

Okabe: *I furrow my brows, crossing my arms over my chest.* "How do you plan to convert humans into data?"

Kurisu: *She chuckles, a hint of pride sneaking into her voice.* "You know that my thesis got published, right?"

Okabe: *I wave her off, shaking my head.* "This is no time to flaunt your accomplishments."

Kurisu: *She raises an eyebrow, a smirk tugging at the corners of her mouth.* "Have you read it?"

I haven’t.

Itaru: *He chuckles, spinning around in his chair to face his computer.* "I’ve got scans if you want to read it."

Daru opens up his image folder, scrolls past tons of 2D porn, and opens up the scanned image. Sure enough, there’s Kurisu’s name in big English letters.

Kurisu: *She clears her throat, straightening her posture.* "The title of my thesis is... ’Analysis of Memory-Related Nerve Impulses in the Temporal Lobe’"

Okabe: *I squint at the screen, my mind racing to connect the dots.* "...Temporal lobe? Nerve impulses?"

Itaru: *He shrugs, an amused smile on his face.* "What, you didn’t know?"

Okabe: *I shake my head, my confusion evident.* "No, wait. This can’t be right. This title sounds like, um, neuroscience, not physics."

Kurisu: *She smirks, crossing her arms over her chest.* "I’m a neuroscientist. Got a problem?"

What!? I can’t believe it. From the way she talks about particle accelerators and time travel theory, I was sure she had to be a physicist.

Okabe: *I wave my hands in denial, my mind still reeling from the revelation.* "No, forget about that. How is this related to time travel?"