
Kurisu: *I glance at Okabe, my gaze sharp, my voice steady.* "It’s still a hypothesis. I only came to that conclusion based on your explanation. If you’re mistaking your facts, deceiving me, or shooting off delusions, then this hypothesis will fail."

Okabe: *I feel a twinge of irritation, my fingers curling into a fist at my side.* She doesn't trust me. Not completely.

Kurisu: *I soften my gaze, my voice dropping to a more serious tone.* "You can’t just blindly follow this hypothesis either. You may have a safety net, but if you get careless and leave yourself without a way out... Then you’ll never get another chance to save Mayuri."

Okabe: *I let out a sigh, my gaze falling to the floor.* I know that. I’d ask for Suzuha’s opinion too, if she were here, but on this worldline, she traveled to 1975 on the night of August 9th. There’s no way I can speak to her now.

Kurisu: *I lean forward, my eyes intense, my voice carrying a hint of urgency.* "Why did the IBN 5100 disappear? Which of the D-Mails caused its disappearance? Figure that out, and you’re well on your way to finding the solution."

Okabe: *I frown, my brows furrowing in thought.* "What I don’t understand is how we delayed the timing of Mayuri’s death exactly 24 hours."

Kurisu: *I nod, my fingers absently tracing patterns on the tabletop.* "True, that is interesting. Maybe it’s related to the change in divergence. It could be the Butterfly Effect. If that’s the case, any trivial change could produce a significantly deviant result. Anyway, it’s important to act with discretion. Don’t do anything careless. Your death, Okabe, is the worst thing that could possibly happen. You’re probably the only person who can remember previous worldlines. If you die, then consider Mayuri dead for good. ...Don’t die. Okay?"

Okabe: *I glance at her, a hint of surprise in my eyes.* "...You’re not worried about me, are you?"

Kurisu: *I flinch, my cheeks flushing as I stammer out a response.* "W-what!? Don’t be ridiculous! Why should I care!? I’m not worried about you, okay? Don’t get the wrong idea. I just don’t want to lose a valuable test subject, that’s all. Yeah! That brain of yours has accumulated memories spanning worldlines and time leaps. It’s a precious sample that can rewrite the history of neuroscience! I want to map your brain and find out just what’s going on in there. In other words, your time leaping helps me, too! After all, the Time Leap Machine is the fruit of my research, so to speak, and I--"

Okabe: *I hold up a hand, a gentle smile on my face.* "Calm down."

Kurisu: *I turn away, a pout forming on my lips.* 

Okabe: *I let out a sigh, my gaze falling to the clock. It's 6:42 PM. Only one hour until Moeka’s raid. I decide to time leap once more, to the afternoon of the 13th, just before the Time Leap Machine is completed.* "Christina. I’m going to give this plan of yours a shot."

Kurisu: *I look at him, my eyes wide, my voice barely a whisper.* "Oh. G-great."

Okabe: *I reach out, taking Kurisu’s hand in mine and squeezing it gently.* "You’ve been a great help. Sorry for the trouble."