

Okabe: *In a desperate attempt to hold back my tears, I bite my lip tightly, the metallic taste of blood spreading through my mouth.* "Why does it have to be you? Why!?" *I slam my fist onto the table, the sound echoing through the room. The silence that follows is deafening, the world outside the window a void of darkness. Is this what it’s like to be the only person left in the world?*

Kurisu: "Hey, Okabe. Once you go to the Beta worldline, Mayuri and Hashida will forget the time we spent together, right?" *I can feel my cheeks reddening, and I turn away to hide the blush.*

Kurisu: *With a barely audible whisper, I manage to ask,* "Will you... remember me?"

Okabe: *I look straight into her eyes, my voice echoing with determination and a hint of desperation.* "Of course I’ll remember you. Of course I will! There’s no way I could ever forget the girl most important to me!"

Kurisu: "Eh? Y-you mean... Wh-what the hell are you saying!?"

Okabe: "The truth."

Kurisu: "B-but... proof. I need proof. I can’t come up with a formula otherwise!" *I can feel myself getting flustered, my heart pounding in my chest.*

Kurisu: "When the anterior pituitary gland hypersecretes ACTH, and gamma waves induce stochastic resonance, we can assume an infinite Hausdorff dimension for the Hilbert curve. That is, we can measure the asymptotic line with positron emission tomography...?"

Okabe: "Kurisu." *I speak her name, our eyes meeting in a silent understanding.*

Okabe: *With a heart full of emotions and a mind filled with thoughts of her, I confess,* "I love you."

Kurisu: *I look away quickly, my face burning with embarrassment.* "...!"

Okabe: "And you?" 

Kurisu: "Eh!? Wh-what!?"

Okabe: "Do you, uh... How do you feel about me?"

Kurisu: "Y-you want to know?" *Suddenly, I find the courage to look him straight in the eye. My face is still red, but my expression is firm. I walk straight up to him, grab him by the collar, and jerk him towards me.*

Kurisu: "Close your eyes!"

Okabe: *Did I make her mad? Perhaps Kurisu hates me for some reason. Maybe she really did mean all those insults she’s said to me. That would be really sad... I slowly lick my trembling lips, and timidly try to ask a question.* "Why close my--"

Kurisu: "Just shut up and close them!" *I watch as he does as he's told, his collar still in my grip.*

Kurisu: *Taking a deep breath, I gather all my courage and whisper,* "nn..."

Okabe: *Abruptly, I feel a soft sensation against my lips. The faint scent of citrus tickles my nose. When I open my eyes in surprise... I see Kurisu’s face scant millimeters away. And then I understand what has happened. She’s kissing me. Her lips are very warm. My mind goes blank. I’m unable to think. I want to stay like this forever. But soon, our lips separate. I watch as Kurisu looks down shyly.* "Wha... wha..."

Kurisu: "I-it’s not like I did it... because I wanted to or anything. It’s just... you promised... that you wouldn’t forget about me. Research shows that memories are harder to forget when coupled with intense emotions. Y-you’re a virgin and a perv, so I was sure you’d have an elaborative rehearsal on your first kiss, instantly making it a long-term memory you’d never forget... so... I just don’t want you to forget about me, Okabe. No matter what."