Rintaro: It’s like a shortcut through space... right?
Kurisu: Yes, that’s correct. There are two wormholes joined by a tunnel. No matter how far away the wormholes are, transit time through the tunnel is zero. But oh no, there’s a problem. The wormhole tunnel suffers from super gravity, and collapses as soon as it opens. So we need something to negate the effect of gravity. So-called ’exotic matter’. A substance with negative mass which repulses other matter. Say that the wormhole tunnel is being squished by an invisible fist. In order to pass through, you need something that could oppose my fist’s ’grasping force’ so that I can’t squish anymore. If you stabilize the tunnel with exotic matter injection, instantaneous travel between wormholes becomes possible. To travel through time, however, takes a little more effort. For example, let’s say there’s a wormhole entrance here in Akihabara, and the exit is in Los Angeles. First, we send the wormhole in LA all the way to the end of the universe at near the speed of light. And once it’s there, we yank it back to LA. According to the special theory of relativity, time slows down for objects moving at the speed of light. Meaning the hole that returned to LA would be further in the past than the Akihabara hole. So now, if Hououin-san jumped into the wormhole, he’d arrive in LA several years before he left. However, this still can’t be called true time travel. It only seems that way. This is called the Urashima effect. The important part is to return to Akihabara from LA through the wormhole once more. Since the transit time is zero... Hououin-san will return to Akihabara several years in the past. Time travel complete. The prerequisites for wormhole travel are simpler than the ones for cosmic string travel. First. The wormhole itself. They may exist somewhere in the universe. But nobody has ever seen one. Second. The energy required to move a wormhole to the end of the universe and back at near-light speed. Third. Exotic matter, which, by the way, has not been confirmed to exist. Now do you see what I meant when I said that time travel is an absurd concept? Time travel theories are all just thought experiments. Not one of them can create a viable time machine. That is my answer.
Student: Isn’t there anything simpler? Like something you can pull out of a drawer and just use, or something.
Kurisu: I’m afraid not. This is the limit of modern physics. I can’t say how it might change in ten years, though. Besides, even if someone did overcome the logistical requirements, there may be other factors that prevent time travel from working. And that’s because fundamental problems concerning the principle of causality have not yet been solved.
Rintaro: You mean time paradoxes... and conservation of mass?
Kurisu: If you think that conservation of mass applies to macro-systems like the universe or micro-systems like atoms or elementary particles, you’re mistaken. Heh. Conservation of mass only applies to chemical reactions. It doesn’t hold in modern physics at all. Something can come from nothing.
Professor: Then what is the problem?
Kurisu: The time paradox of time paradoxes. In other words, the Grandfather Paradox.