Kurisu: Ah.
Rintaro: Well, if it isn’t my assistant. What are you doing here?
Kurisu: Hey. When did I become your assistant? ...Why are you glaring at me?
Rintaro: Don’t worry about it. You’re not the cause of my frustration.
Kurisu: Oh, so you’re just raging? Don’t glare at me.
Rintaro: You’ve glared at me before, haven’t you?
Kurisu: That’s because you keep doing pervy-- Ah, no, I’m not saying anything. Are the emails you’re getting really that unpleasant?
Rintaro: They’re more... unreasonable than unpleasant. So, Christina, what brings you here?
Kurisu: If you’re going to call me names, could you at least be consistent? Anyway, my business here doesn’t concern you.
Rintaro: Why are you pouting?
Kurisu: I’m not pouting. I just don’t want to get involved in your silly games again.
Rintaro: Nonsense. You’re already a lab mem. You have a duty to work for the benefit of the lab!
Kurisu: ...I regret losing myself to curiosity back then.
Rintaro: Did you come to see the satellite?
Kurisu: ...I guess. It doesn’t make sense. Normally, they calculate satellites’ orbits so that they burn up in the atmosphere when they fall. So how can that thing be in such perfect condition?
Rintaro: Where’s this satellite from, anyway?
Kurisu: They still don’t know. Rumors say it’s from the former Soviet Union, but Russia denies it. So it looks like they can’t remove it yet.
Rintaro: So it’s another Organization cover-up! They knew I’d be at Radi-Kan and tried to erase me!
Kurisu: Organization? What’s that?
Rintaro: The Organization is the Organization. Its formal name is something else, but all those who know of its existence call it the Organization out of fear. They rule the world from the shadows, transcending nations, with politics, economics, religion, even science in their clutches.
Kurisu: That’s obviously a crackpot conspiracy theory, thank you very mu--
Rintaro: What’s wrong?
Kurisu: N-nothing! Really, nothing, okay? Say another word and I hit you! A-anyway! What’s happened with the PhoneWave!?
Rintaro: I thought you didn’t want to get involved. And it’s not the PhoneWave, it’s the PhoneWave (name subject to change)--
Kurisu: Just answer me. Have you learned anything?
Rintaro: No progress. We’ve tried repeating the experiment, but at present, we haven’t been able to reproduce the discharge phenomenon or send another email to the past.
Kurisu: I see... Hello? Can you put your phone away when you’re talking with someone?
Rintaro: Don’t be like that. Rather, you should praise me, for I have taught a foul mail demon to behave like a civilized human being.
Kurisu: Why are you so pompous?
Rintaro: I’d ask you the same thing, Christina. Are you done with your little mail exchange? Hououin-san?
Rintaro: Oh? So you remember my true name. Indeed, I am Hououin Kyouma.
Kurisu: I was being facetious.
Rintaro: How was that facetious? You called me by my correct name. You made no mistake. You’ll make a good assistant.
Kurisu: Okabe-san... have you sought professional help?
Rintaro: I am not Okabe!
Kurisu: This is exhausting... You’re pompous, but at least you have some manners.