Rintaro: Stop making her say stuff like that!
Kurisu: The hole is tight... huh. That might not be entirely wrong. Maybe we have the same problem SERN has with their time machine. Since they can’t fully control the lifter, they can’t make the singularities perfectly naked, which limits how much they can send.
Itaru: Anyway, 6 Japanese or 12 English characters comes out to 12 bytes.
Kurisu: Bytes? Not kilobytes?
Itaru: Oh? So Makise-shi’s bad with computers?
Rintaro: Heh. Is that so, assistant?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! You don’t see things measured in bytes nowadays, so I was just making sure...
Itaru: Well, email isn’t just comprised of text. There’s more to it, like the sender and receiver’s email addresses, the header, and various other things. So roughly speaking, we can send data in three batches of 12 bytes, then? By the way, I don’t know if using a subject changes anything.
Rintaro: But I’m pretty sure that chicken and bananas have to be larger than 12 bytes. Since each grain of salt is tiny, it’s possible they could be converted to less than 12 bytes.
Kurisu: So larger masses get crushed by supergravity?
Rintaro: Mass might not be the issue here. Data doesn’t have mass.
Kurisu: In any case, since the singularity isn’t naked, the object is forced to pass through the event horizon. Inside the event horizon, space and time switch places, causing the subject that arrived at the ring singularity to reach ultra high speed... The data, crushed and destroyed by super gravity, is shot out of the black hole...
Rintaro: As a jellyman.
Kurisu: But even a small mass has to pass through supergravity. How does it emerge unscathed?
Rintaro: If the hole is too tight, then just inject more electrons.
Kurisu: I don’t think it’s that simple. I mean, I’m sure SERN’s tried that already. And yet they haven’t gotten any results after nine years of experiments. It’s not as simple as increasing the flow of electrons.
Rintaro: I see...
Kurisu: SERN has a lifter, but we don’t know what in the PhoneWave is filling the same role, much less how to adjust it.
Rintaro: We don’t know what acts as the lifter... But we do know that it has successfully created a path wide enough to send approximately 36 bytes of data through the ring singularity.
Mayuri: I don’t get it...
Rintaro: Think of it like an RPG. The ring singularity, the entrance to the event horizon, is the gate to the Demon Lord’s castle.
Kurisu: D-demon Lord...?
Mayuri: So the soldiers who went home as slimes are jellymen?
Rintaro: But there’s an exception.
Itaru: Combining soldiers? That’s just silly.
Rintaro: It’s to illustrate that the object can’t be too big.
Mayuri: I get it! That’s really easy to understand.
Kurisu: It is?
Itaru: It’s a dumb metaphor, but I guess it works? At least as an explanation for why things get gelified.
Rintaro: Heh. It’s all thanks to Mayuri’s hint.
Mayuri: Mayushii was helpful?
Rintaro: Yeah. Great insight, Mayuri.
Mayuri: Ehehe! Yay!
Kurisu: But it’s still a hypothesis. It hasn’t been proven.
Itaru: How would you prove it? With human experiments like SERN?
Kurisu: If Okabe and Hashida-san volunteer as test subjects, I’ll happily experiment on you.