Kurisu: Is there a problem?
Rintaro: No, no problem. I was just wondering what you were still doing here.
Kurisu: Nothing. I just wanted to think for a bit.
Rintaro: Can’t you think at your hotel?
Kurisu: What? You’re kicking me out?
Rintaro: Ahh, I get it. You’d be lonely in your hotel room, but you have no friends, so you want me, the great Hououin Kyouma, to look after you. Isn’t that right, you spoiled Celeb Sev?
Kurisu: You’re the lonely one, aren’t you? You’ve been acting gloomy all day. Do you need some advice? I’m an outsider, in a sense, so it should be easier to talk to me, right? A man getting advice from a younger woman is kind of *mumble mumble*, but if you’re fine with that, then just ask away.
Rintaro: I need to send some emails. If you insist on staying here, then be quiet and stay out of my way. Okay, Zombie?
Kurisu: Of all your stupid names, that one’s the worst.
Rintaro: Want some coffee?
Kurisu: Sure. What’s wrong with you? Stop fidgeting. That was a pretty heavy sigh.
Rintaro: Christina. There’s something I want to talk to you about.
Kurisu: Shouldn’t you answer your phone first?
Rintaro: It’s Daru. It’s probably something stupid.
Kurisu: You’re really self-righteous, you know.
Rintaro: You might not remember this, but earlier, I changed the past with a D-Mail. ...I haven’t known you long enough to tell whether you’re serious.
Rintaro: It happened. And then everyone except me forgot about it. Or rather, the fact that it happened was erased from history.
Kurisu: The past changed, so the present changed with it? The Butterfly Effect, huh. But what you’re saying is nonsense.
Rintaro: Why do you say that?
Kurisu: Why do you remember that the past changed? If you used a time machine to physically travel to the past and change history, then that might explain it -- barely. But with a D-Mail, you haven’t taken one step outside the present, have you?’ So if the present changed, and we changed with it, you would have to change too. Or are you saying you didn’t change because you’re the observer? In that case, you’re claiming that you’re not a human being.
Rintaro: ...Everything is the choice of Steins Gate! This is the power of my magic eye, Reading Steiner! Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Aaaand he’s at it again. I’m not playing along with your games. I bet you came up with that Reading Whatever thing just now, didn’t you? Hello?