Kurisu: So why do you think you’re the only one who remembers?
Rintaro: You’re awfully persistent. I see why they call you The Zombie.
Kurisu: I don’t follow.
Rintaro: Zombies never stop coming. They’re persistent.
Kurisu: Cut the jokes. I’m serious here.
Rintaro: I think that the key is who receives the D-Mail. Only the recipient himself is able to retain his memories. That would be my guess.
Kurisu: Hmmm...
Rintaro: After Daru, you’ll send the next D-Mail. Think about what you want to write.
Kurisu: No. I’m not sending one.
Rintaro: Scared?
Kurisu: That’s not it.
Rintaro: Then are you worried about time paradoxes?
Kurisu: Well, there’s that, but it’s more like a personal policy. Changing the past feels like cheating. I may only have 18 years of life experience, but I don’t want to change any of those memories.
Rintaro: I see. You’re perfect now, so you don’t want to change.
Kurisu: That’s not what I said... I don’t want to deny who I’ve been. Because even my failures are a part of who I am today.
Rintaro: Even if we solved all of the PhoneWave (name subject to change)’s problems, you wouldn’t use it? Even if John Titor said you could use his time machine to travel to whatever time you wish, you wouldn’t use it? Even if a blue robot cat from the future were to jump out of your desk and give you a doorway to everywhere, you wouldn’t use it?
Kurisu: I wouldn’t.
Rintaro: But you love experiments. Don’t you?
Kurisu: S-something wrong with that?
Rintaro: So basically, you like to experiment on other people while you watch and cackle at the results! You truly are a mad scientist!
Kurisu: Why you--
Itaru: Done!
Kurisu: I don’t get it.
Itaru: It’s how Faris-tan placed her cards. Can’t you tell? You guys are lame.
Rintaro: Why do I remember?
Itaru: Did the past change?
Rintaro: Wait. Daru, you remember too?
Itaru: Huh? Remember what?
Rintaro: That you just sent a D-Mail!
Kurisu: Of course I remember. What are you... Oh, I see. According to your hypothesis, you and I shouldn’t remember sending the D-Mail.
Rintaro: Daru, did you beat Faris in the Faris Cup?
Itaru: ...I dunno.
Rintaro: You said the winner gets Faris’s home cooking, right? Did you eat it? What happened?
Itaru: I don’t know... This sucks.
Kurisu: ...Maybe the past hasn’t changed?
Itaru: I’ll try calling Mayu-shi. Mayu-shi? You’re still at work, right? Is Faris-tan there? ...She is!? Um, can you ask her if I beat her in the Faris Cup? Did I get to eat her home cooking? ...Who lost? I did? Oh... Barely took five seconds? Oh... okay...
Kurisu: I guess that means the past hasn’t changed.
Itaru: Why!? It changed for Okarin, right!?
Kurisu: Maybe your foolproof plan wasn’t so foolproof. Like, maybe it only gave you a slight advantage. Since Faris-san defeated you anyway, the past didn’t change.
Itaru: Yeah, but I mean, the game would’ve played out differently.
Rintaro: That might not be enough to cause worldline divergence.
Kurisu: Like Okabe said, you need to make a change that’s easier to observe. Or else there’s no point to this experiment.