Kurisu: Yeah... It’s the middle of summer, but instead of going on vacation, I’m stuck in this sauna with a bunch of pervs. Where did I go wrong?
Rintaro: Wipe your tears, you experiment-loving girl without a single friend.
Kurisu: I’m not crying! Besides, you’re the one who told us to be here.
Rintaro: Indeed. But the one who obeyed my orders and arrived on time... was you.
Mayuri: You know, Chris-chan is actually a very honest and hardworking girl. That’s what Mayushii thinks♪ That’s what makes her so adorable.
Kurisu: Eh, wha...!? How can this girl say something like that while eating a nugget...
Itaru: A yuri flag. I get it.
Kurisu: Please unget it.
Mayuri: Here, Chris-chan. Have a nugget.
Kurisu: Th-thanks... Don’t put that there. It’s filthy.
Rintaro: I just washed them!
Kurisu: Like I care. What kind of guy puts his underwear in a girl’s face? Have some decency.
Rintaro: If you’re that interested in my underwear, then just say so.
Kurisu: Wh-wha...! I’m not interested at all!
Mayuri: Come on, guys. No more talking about underwear. Mayushii’s trying to eat here, okay?
Itaru: How can you say that when you’re still shoveling nuggets into your mouth...
Rintaro: Don’t interrupt me! As I explained to Daru yesterday, I’ve noticed something about the results of our experiments! D-Mails have too many uncertain variables. We can never be sure what will happen when we send one.
Kurisu: It’s not like we can do anything about that. After all, the result is up to whoever receives the mail. Of course, if you can analyze the recipient’s psychology, then you might be able to manipulate them into doing what you want. Though that might be a bit too much for Hououin Underwear here.
Itaru: You just wanted to say underwear, didn’t you?
Rintaro: Underwear aside, the fact is that D-Mail is still far from complete. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I called you here today. The purpose of today’s Round Table Conference is--
Itaru: Another Round Table?
Kurisu: If you want a Round Table Conference that much, at least go buy a round table.
Mayuri: Remember what Okarin said, Chris-chan? The round table is in our hearts.
Kurisu: Mayuri-san, you’re really innocent. But you shouldn’t take everything Okabe says seriously.
Mayuri: Really?
Rintaro: The round table doesn’t matter now. More importantly, the purpose of today’s meeting... Is to explore methods of true physical time travel, not just D-Mail, with the objective of sending someone to the past like SERN has.
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous. SERN has the best equipment in the world, and even after nine years, they still haven’t succeeded. We can’t possibly hope to accomplish something like that.
Mayuri: You’ll become a GelOkarin! Ehehe!
Itaru: Kinda sounds like Gero Froggy. Why did those things get popular, anyway?
Kurisu: This isn’t a laughing matter...