Rintaro: We just need to figure that out, don’t we?
Kurisu: It’s futile. How do you solve a problem that even SERN can’t figure out? If you can’t set the destination, then you don’t know where you’ll leap to.
Itaru: I’ll pass on leaping into deep space, thanks.
Rintaro: Wait a second. We don’t set the destination when we send a D-Mail, yet it still arrives where it’s supposed to. How do you explain that?
Kurisu: Now that you mention it...
Itaru: You set the mail address, right? Isn’t that enough?
Kurisu: Is it? I don’t think a phone signal can be received from millions of kilometers away.
Mayuri: I bet you’d get a busy signal or something!
Rintaro: Maybe our cellphones are acting like black holes and white holes.
Kurisu: You shouldn’t speculate like that. You have zero basis.
Rintaro: Is it possible that we form a wormhole?
Kurisu: No wormholes have ever been confirmed to exist.
Rintaro: In any case, the cold, hard truth is that D-Mails arrive precisely when and where we want them to. We’re ahead of SERN in that regard. Now, can we apply D-Mail technology to physical time travel?
Itaru: But with D-Mails, you can only send 36 bytes of data. No way you can send a whole person with that kind of limit.
Kurisu: If you want to become GelOkarin, I’m not stopping you.
Kurisu: It would be best to leave physical transfer aside for now. Sending data through time is an amazing feat by itself. We should be satisfied with what we’ve got.
Rintaro: Such pessimism is unbecoming of a scientist sworn to uncover the secrets of the universe.
Kurisu: I’m telling you to know your limits. If you’re going to uncover the secrets of the universe, you need personnel, equipment, and funding to rival SERN’s. It’s one thing to set lofty goals, but this impoverished lab has no resources to speak of. I’ve been thinking. Maybe we should bring the PhoneWave to a proper research institution and entrust it to a specialist. SERN’s keeping their time machine research top secret, so if we make an official announcement, it’ll benefit the future of mankind.
Rintaro: ...If we make an official announcement, the Organization will become aware of my existence.
Kurisu: Oh come on! I’m being serious here. This isn’t the time for your childish--
Rintaro: And we’ve hacked into SERN. Those heartless bastards will do anything, even experiment on human beings. And behind them is a power greater than all the nations of the Earth. If we make the PhoneWave (name subject to change) public, they might have us erased.
Kurisu: ...You watch too many movies.
Rintaro: The name ’Committee of 300’ appeared in actual SERN documents.
Kurisu: Yeah, but...
Mayuri: Mayushii’s kinda scared...
Itaru: If they find out about our hacking, they’ll seriously have us killed. I didn’t make any mistakes that could give us away, of course.
Rintaro: Also, and this is the biggest problem-- If we go public, we won’t be able to do cool stuff with D-Mails anymore!
Kurisu: Why you...