Kurisu: Okabe.
Rintaro: What’s wrong?
Kurisu: I figured it out. I think I know how the PhoneWave works.
Rintaro: Really!?
Kurisu: Keep in mind that this is just a hypothesis based on what we’ve observed. It’s closely related to what you guys were just talking about -- the LHC.
Rintaro: I believe it was you, Christina, who called the LHC the world’s largest microwave. 
Kurisu: Yes. Exactly. My hunch was right. You’ve created a monster, Okabe. It doesn’t belong in some amateur lab. And before you take that as an endorsement of your abilities, I mean it in a bad way.
Rintaro: Give me details.
Kurisu: Did you know that the microwave oven was invented as a byproduct of radar research? Microwaves are electromagnetic waves with a frequency of 2. 45 gigahertz. The PhoneWave is commercial grade, so its output is around 1500-2000 watts. Here’s the important part.
Rintaro: According to Daru’s blueprints, the microwave and the phone are made to send out shared electromagnetic waves by taking their leads... And hardwiring each of them to the magnetron’s cathode and anode.
Kurisu: Both devices use electromagnetic waves. I’m not a specialist, though, so I can’t examine the extent or magnitude of the influence that fusion has... But hypothetically, if the cellphone were to become a stepping stone, scattering the military-grade electromagnetic waves over a vast range of hundreds of kilometers-- Then not just Akihabara, but all of Tokyo would turn into the inside of a microwave oven. Taking into account slight variance due to body weight, the average time until death for the people inside would be-- Three minutes.
Mayuri: Ehh!?
Itaru: Seriously? Then the PhoneWave’s a weapon of mass destruction, isn’t it!?
Kurisu: Let me tell you what happens inside the PhoneWave. The air inside the oven is full of invisible hydrogen atoms. First, it bombards the atoms with microwaves to increase their energy potential. This is the normal function of a microwave oven. But when you add the electromagnetic waves from the phone... The harmonics trigger a chain reaction. The particles collide repeatedly at near light-speed, gaining mass and energy each time. In other words, it becomes a sort of particle accelerator.
Rintaro: A particle accelerator!? So, if the LHC was created to generate mini black holes-- Then the PhoneWave (name subject to change) must also produce mini black holes!
Kurisu: It’s a miracle that thing has been so stable. But there’s still one thing I don’t understand. Even if it does produce mini black holes, they should evaporate instantly. But that’s not what happens in the PhoneWave. The gelification phenomenon proves that. Just like in the LHC, our mini black holes are turning into Kerr black holes.
Rintaro: According to Titor, you have to inject electrons to produce the Kerr black hole effect.
Kurisu: Where do the injected electrons come from? That’s what I don’t understand. The LHC uses something called a lifter to inject electrons into the black hole and control the gravitational field. Something is filling that role inside the PhoneWave.
Itaru: S-something?
Kurisu: Like I said, I don’t know what.