Rintaro: So we can only send memories. Where does that leave us?
Kurisu: Your memories aren’t the only thing that define you. Even if you send your memories to the past, it will be the receiving you’s consciousness and personality that process them.
Itaru: So in Mindorz terms, it’s like copying data from a VISTA computer to a Min95 computer?
Kurisu: Data created with the latest OS might not work on an older OS. It might cause errors. For example, if you sent your current memories to yourself in elementary school, the gap between your memories and your body could have serious consequences.
Rintaro: Anyway, is it correct to assume that we’ll be targeting ourselves in the past?
Kurisu: Just like with D-Mail, we’re using cellphones as the transfer medium. To be precise, you can only leap into your own body, and only if you had a cellphone at the time of reception. If you try sending memories to someone else... umm, how do I put this... there’s a danger that the electrical signals might be rejected.
Itaru: Wouldn’t want to jump into someone else’s body. I mean, unless it’s the body of a cute girl. Uhehe!
Kurisu: Don’t ’uhehe’ me, you idiot! If it just bounces off, that’s fine, but I’m worried incompatible memory data might do serious damage to the recipient’s psyche. I don’t know what might happen. No one’s done it before, after all. There are two things I do know. One, you definitely cannot go back before you were born; and two, you won’t exist in two places at once. That means you don’t have to worry about causing a paradox. You can’t kill your parents before you were born.
Rintaro: So the phones act like black and white holes... Heh... heh heh heh... MUHAHAHA! It’s me. Everything is falling into place. The plan can now proceed to the final stage. I’m talking about Operation Verthandi, obviously. Heh. Christina had me fooled. I never knew she was capable of this. It must have been the choice of Steins Gate that sent her here. Don’t worry. I have everything under control. Nothing can stop us now. El Psy Kongroo. Were you listening? Good. Commence preparations for Operation Verthandi!
Kurisu: First, explain what that is!
Rintaro: We’re going to build your time leap machine, Christina. And you’d better not say it can’t be done! Not after showing me the way!
Kurisu: Well, this is Akihabara. I should be able to find the parts I need.
Rintaro: Then it’s decided. I’m placing you in charge of this operation. Whatever you need, ask, and it shall be yours. Together, we shall complete the first time leap machine in human history! What are you doing?
Kurisu: Thinking about the time leap machine. I know we can make it, but I’m wondering what will happen if we actually use it.
Rintaro: Ah. You’re thinking too hard. Finish the machine, then worry about it.
Kurisu: You’re so pompous. Hey, Okabe... Can I talk to you about something completely unrelated?
Rintaro: I’d rather talk about something related.
Kurisu: You told me before that I could ask you anything. Remember? I think... my father hates me.