Kurisu: ...Yeah. I don’t remember the last time he had a kind word for me. Even when we were living together, before I went to America, he acted like I wasn’t there. We’re supposed to be family, aren’t we?
Rintaro: And you? How did you treat your father?
Kurisu: I was daddy’s little girl growing up. You practically had to drag me away from him. My father’s a physicist. Even as a child, I loved to hear him talk about science. I couldn’t understand a word of it, but I always begged him to explain. I wanted to understand his work, so I started studying physics. I must have been five. Thanks to that, I always got perfect grades in math. I ignored all the other subjects, though, so my grades were a little skewed. I even read my father’s papers. I was a little girl trying to comprehend theoretical physics, but I gave it everything I had. I needed to understand. By sixth grade, I had learned enough that I could discuss my father’s theories with him. I was so happy that I could talk to my father on his level, you know? We used to argue all night long. And then I started winning those arguments. All of them.
Rintaro: Yeah. I can definitely see how that would make him hate you.
Kurisu: You really think that’s why?
Rintaro: I’m absolutely certain that’s why.
Kurisu: I guess he did have a lot of pride. Anyway, one day, he suddenly stopped talking to me altogether. Then he started fighting with my mom, and finally he stopped coming home. I really loved my dad, so it was a big shock. I felt it was my fault things turned out that way. I couldn’t go to school, I was so depressed. And then Mom recommended I study abroad.
Rintaro: You were just too talented for your own good. So, how do you feel about your father now?
Kurisu: I don’t know...
Rintaro: He’s in Japan, right? Have you seen him at all?
Kurisu: No... he doesn’t want to see me. That’s what we were talking about on the phone. I asked if we could meet, but he told me to stay away from him. Even if we did meet, I wouldn’t know what to say... I tried to talk to him before I left, you know? I tried so hard, but he just ignored me. It hurts. Whenever I think about going to see him, I remember those times. I worry he’ll ignore me again, and then I can’t do anything. Sniff...
Rintaro: Are you crying?
Kurisu: J-just a little, okay?
Rintaro: You want to reconcile with your father. Correct?
Kurisu: I don’t know...
Rintaro: If you didn’t, then you wouldn’t have confided in me. And you wouldn’t be crying, would you?
Kurisu: True...
Rintaro: Just be straight with him. Say ’I love you, Dad. Let’s make up.’
Kurisu: I think that’s a little out of character for me.
Rintaro: It’s your father. Stop acting like a weak little girl.
Kurisu: I’m not acting like a little girl!