Rintaro: It’s done?
Mayuri: Yup. I finished before Chris-chan. We were racing.
Kurisu: You win, Mayuri. Congratulations. Actually, I’m just about finished too. Done.
Mayuri: It’s a tie...
Itaru: Man, I’m tired... I want Faris-tan to comfort me...
Kurisu: We may have created a monster here...
Rintaro: Why don’t we decide what to call it first? I vote Heavenly Express!
Itaru: PhoneWave 3rd Edition ver1. 00.
Mayuri: Silly Hat PhoneWave-chan.
Kurisu: You guys have too much free time.
Rintaro: Does that mean you’re abstaining from the vote?
Kurisu: ...Time Leap Machine.
Itaru: That’s terrible.
Kurisu: C-come on! Simple is best, right? I mean, that’s what Okabe’s been calling it for the past two days.
Rintaro: Looks like my assistant has zero naming sense.
Kurisu: I don’t want to hear that from a chuunibyou headcase like you.
Itaru: Oh-ho! So Makise-shi knows the word chuunibyou... I sense your otaku level is quite high.
Kurisu: I... heard it from a friend. I have no idea where it comes from!
Rintaro: It’s up to you, Mayuri. Choose one.
Mayuri: Hmmm... I think Time Leap Machine is fine. Silly Hat PhoneWave-chan is super close though...
Itaru: Somehow I knew she’d say that.
Kurisu: Like I said, simple is best. Mayuri gets it.
Mayuri: Ehehe!
Rintaro: Very well. Time Leap Machine it is. Assistant! Explain for us all how the Time Leap Machine works.
Kurisu: In short, this device converts memories to data and sends them to the past. Let’s begin with what we all know. By freak coincidence, the PhoneWave is able to produce ring singularities, much like John Titor’s time machine. Through the ring singularity, we are able to send up to 36 bytes of data to the past. The signal can only be received by phones. While that does limit the range of effect, it also removes an element of uncertainty from the equation. Unlike D-Mails, memory data is sent in the form of a phone call, so we will be using a phone number, not an email address, to set the destination. The ring singularity is made naked and stable by a device known as a lifter. In our case, that’s the 42-inch CRT downstairs. The PhoneWave now has headgear attached. This headgear records the nerve impulses in the temporal lobe of the brain -- specifically, the CA3 region of the hippocampus, where memories are stored. Then, using VR technology, we encode the nerve impulses into electrical signal data.
Itaru: It comes out to approximately 3. 24 terabytes.
Kurisu: By the way, we’ll set it up so that the data decodes automatically after a certain amount of time. Anybody well versed in programming can do this. I had Hashida make the code. Anyway, next we send the memory data through the net to the LHC in France.
Rintaro: How long does it take to send 3. 24 terabytes of data?
Itaru: We have 64 direct lines in parallel. So if we send it in 64 parts... It should upload in about 45 seconds.
Kurisu: Next, we hijack the LHC, create a mini black hole, and use that black hole’s supergravity to compress the data into 36 bytes.