Kurisu: Okabe!?
Rintaro: You at the lab?
Kurisu: Haah... don’t worry me like that... idiot...
Rintaro: What, were you worried about me?
Kurisu: I-I mean, you set off an obvious death flag. I’m surprised you’re still alive!
Rintaro: Where are you now?
Kurisu: I’m standing by at the lab.
Rintaro: Set up the machine. I’m sending another D-Mail.
Kurisu: Destination?
Rintaro: ...July 31st, 11 AM.
Kurisu: 11 AM on the 31st... Okay, all set.
Rintaro: Alright, activate it.
Kurisu: Activated.
Kurisu: ...Well?
Rintaro: Nothing. Why won’t it change!?
Kurisu: Another mistake?
Rintaro: No, there’s no way! I know what Moeka’s message said. This D-Mail should have canceled it.
Kurisu: What did the first D-Mail say?
Rintaro: That the IBN 5100 was at Yanabayashi Shrine. I tried to cancel it by telling her it’s a trap, but it didn’t work. I’ll try to phrase it differently.
Kurisu: Wait. We went through this with the LOTO SIX experiment, remember? The person who reads the D-Mail chooses whether or not to act accordingly. Kiryu learned that the IBN 5100 was at the shrine. Though the cancellation mail came right afterward, I guess she ignored it and went anyway.
Rintaro: Maybe she didn’t believe the cancellation mail. Or maybe she was so diligent she decided to check it out even when told not to.
Kurisu: Damn. Even when told it was too risky to go to the shrine, she went anyway...
Rintaro: We need a more persuasive message. Something that will prevent her from going to the shrine.
Kurisu: Like what?
Rintaro: What if I send a D-Mail to myself on July 30th? Could I beat her to the IBN 5100?
Kurisu: Were you even interested in the IBN 5100 then? ...FB.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Moeka’s handler. She’s obsessed with FB. If the mail comes from FB, she’ll do whatever it says.
Kurisu: Do you have FB’s phone?
Rintaro: No. They haven’t even met. We don’t know where FB is.
Kurisu: Then there’s nothing we can do.
Rintaro: ...Give me a little time.
Kurisu: Gonna make me wait again? Well, I’ve been pulling all-nighters recently, so whatever. Just don’t do anything stupid, okay?