Kurisu: There you are. What are you doing here?
Rintaro: ...Nothing. How did you know I was here?
Kurisu: You said you wanted to be alone. I ran the numbers and concluded that I had the greatest probability of finding you here.
Rintaro: Then leave me alone. You don’t have to look for me. I’m not a lost little boy.
Kurisu: H-hey! Is that how you treat someone who’s worried about you? N-not that I’m worried about you or anything! I was going to leave you alone at first. But you’ve been acting weird the last couple days. I mean, you’re always weird, but more than usual.
Kurisu: You look like a kid forced to eat crappy oatmeal. What happened?
Rintaro: Nothing...
Kurisu: Then why did you cancel the cracking of SERN?
Rintaro: You’re the one who said we shouldn’t.
Kurisu: Oh, so you’re afraid of triggering arrest flags. I get it.
Rintaro: You should praise me for obeying the law for a change.
Kurisu: That’s not like you at all. What happened to your ego? What happened to the insane mad scientist, Hououin Kyo--
Rintaro: To hell with my ego!
Kurisu: ...!
Rintaro: This time, it’s not that simple. I have to choose which friend to let die. It would be so much easier if I knew what was right.
Kurisu: ...Which friend to let die? What are you talking about?
Rintaro: I’m just a student, Christina. You know? The insane mad scientist Hououin Kyouma? That’s just a fantasy. A character I made up. I bet you had no idea.
Kurisu: Uh... I may have figured that out when we first met.
Rintaro: When we first met...
Kurisu: Tell me, Okabe. What do you mean?
Rintaro: ...Do I have to tell you?
Kurisu: You’ve never hesitated to ask me for help before. Don’t hold back now.
Rintaro: ...Then prepare yourself. What I’m about to tell you is the absolute truth. And it could also be... your death sentence.
Kurisu: ...eh?
Rintaro: Remember what I told you before? When we delete the D-Mail from SERN’s database, we’ll reach the Beta worldline, where Mayuri doesn’t die.
Kurisu: And where SERN doesn’t take over the world, right. Everyone lives. Everyone is free. You made it sound perfect.
Rintaro: Perfect? It’s anything but. I showed you the first D-Mail, didn’t I? The one that started it all. On the Beta worldline, the events described in that D-Mail actually happened.
Rintaro: Kurisu. On the Beta worldline... You die on July 28th.
Rintaro: And according to the attractor field model, nothing can prevent that from happening. If I want to save Mayuri, I have no choice... but to let you die! Hey, Okabe. How credible do you find this attractor field model?
Rintaro: Credible?
Kurisu: It’s all secondhand info from John Titor -- from Amane-san, isn’t it? I get that it’s the accepted model in 2036. But how exactly did scientists prove the existence of attractor fields?
Rintaro: Are you trying to say the model may be wrong? But I know for certain that convergence exists. I’ve experienced it firsthand.
Kurisu: Even if they’re right about convergence... What about the relationship between worldlines?