Rintaro: Muhaha! Oh, Daru. You may be a worthless, disgusting perv, but let me say, well done, sir! So, Makise Kurisu. You just imagined something, didn’t you? By all means, tell us what. Don’t be shy. Muhahaha!
Kurisu: Why you...
Rintaro: Come on! Say it, genius girl! What’s the imagination of a genius like? I’d love to hear from you!
Kurisu: You... ass! I get it. You’re both pervs.
Itaru: Well... you could say that.
Rintaro: I don’t want to hear that from you.
Kurisu: Okay! If I came off as a little rude, I apologize. I was only acting that way because you molested me, but I’ll ignore that for now. Please tell me what happened to this banana. I’d also like to hear about that... That microwave thing.
Rintaro: That’s top secret. The one thing I’m cleared to share with unauthorized individuals is that its name is the PhoneWave (name subject to change).
Kurisu: Name subject to change? What’s that about?
Rintaro: PhoneWave is weak. It needs a better name.
Kurisu: I couldn’t care less about its name.
Rintaro: I’m afraid that’s the only information you’re cleared for.
Itaru: Hold on, Okarin. Makise-shi might be able to explain what’s going on.
Rintaro: Hmm... well...
Kurisu: That creepy grin... are you thinking perverted thoughts again?
Rintaro: You said your name’s Christina, right?
Kurisu: Who the hell’s Christina!? I never said that!
Rintaro: If you wish to learn the secrets of this microwave, then you must meet my conditions.
Kurisu: ...Which are?
Rintaro: Condition One: You must become a lab mem.
Kurisu: Ramen?
Rintaro: No! Lab mem, stupid! Short for laboratory member!
Kurisu: You mean you want me to join your research team? I’m supposed to return to America in August.
Rintaro: I’ll have you sign a non-disclosure agreement so you won’t betray our secrets. Break the agreement, and I’ll report your steamy, perverted acts to Science Magazine.
Kurisu: Gh...
Itaru: You’re a monster, Okarin. I’ll take five copies.
Rintaro: From the moment you become a lab mem to the moment of your departure, your brain shall be used for the benefit of our lab.
Kurisu: You’re so full of it. Let’s see the contract, then.
Rintaro: What contract? This is a lab, not a corporation!
Kurisu: I don’t mind lending you my knowledge, but if there is more pervy nonsense involved, the answer is NO.
Rintaro: Don’t worry, we don’t bite.
Kurisu: No more molestation?
Rintaro: No, alright!?
Kurisu: You said that was condition one. So there’s gotta be a second one, right? It better not be--