Kurisu: Shut up so we can start the experiment.
Kurisu: ...So you haven’t tampered with the microwave at all?
Rintaro: It’s in terminal mode now. We can change the factory settings like this, make the microwave do things its manufacturer never intended.
Kurisu: How was it set when the discharge phenomenon occurred?
Rintaro: Nothing out of the ordinary. It was at factory settings.
Kurisu: Hmm. I’ll take a banana.
Rintaro: Those are Mayuri’s.
Kurisu: Oh, so I don’t need your permission, then. I’ll go buy new bananas tomorrow. ...Nothing happened. Ow! It’s hot.
Rintaro: Meaning the microwave functioned normally. What does this mean...
Kurisu: I guess what happened earlier was an irregularity after all.
Rintaro: I don’t know if it’s an irregularity or not, but we ought to investigate the cause.
Kurisu: I agree.
Rintaro: In the previous experiment... After spending 120 seconds in the PhoneWave (name subject to change), the banana teleported back to the bunch gelified. We should consider that it returned to its state 120 seconds before.
Kurisu: Wrong. If it returned to its state 120 seconds before, it wouldn’t be gelified.
Rintaro: The chicken returned to its frozen state without gelifying.
Kurisu: That logic is dubious. Sure it ended up frozen, but did you examine the possibility that it might have gelified first?
Rintaro: Salt didn’t gelify.
Kurisu: You mean nothing changed.
Rintaro: After the discharge phenomenon occurred last time, we spent all night experimenting with cabbage, radishes, rice, konjac, melon bread, Crunchy-kun, and cup noodles. Nothing happened. The same thing with liquids. On that day, our success rate took a 180 degree turn. Before the discharge phenomenon, everything succeeded. After the discharge phenomenon, everything failed.
Kurisu: Is the microwave storing electricity? You said that gelified objects became fractal structured, right? Salt has a simple structure by nature, so maybe that had an effect. But how could electricity be related...
Rintaro: Here, we should think under the assumptions of time travel theory.
Kurisu: No. It’s not good to start thinking from the conclusion.
Rintaro: We’ve already had several successful experiments. You can’t deny that.
Kurisu: I’m not especially concerned whether this thing is a time machine or not. To begin with, it’s physically impossible for this tiny little microwave to produce energy equivalent to the big bang. We can’t reproduce the discharge phenomenon, nor the fractalization. There should be a reason why. We haven’t changed our methods. We haven’t changed the settings. We haven’t changed the experimental subjects either. There must be some other variable.
Rintaro: Maybe it’s the one who observes it.
Kurisu: What do you mean by that?
Rintaro: Quantum theory. The observer is an important element to the experiment.
Kurisu: There were four of us here when the discharge phenomenon occurred last time. But before that, it occurred when Hashida-san was alone. Each time fractalization occurred, there were either two or three people observing. You and I each saw both phenomena. In other words, the conditions haven’t changed.
Rintaro: In that case...
Kurisu: Hmmm...
Rintaro: Hungry?
Kurisu: Sh-shut up! I haven’t eaten anything since lunch. It’s already 8?