Rintaro: Before, you said that such a black hole’s existence would be impossible to prove. What did you mean?
Kurisu: A black hole has what’s called an event horizon. Once you pass the event horizon, time and space switch places.
Rintaro: Time and space switch places?
Kurisu: Right now, we can move freely through space and into the future, but we can’t move even one minute into the past. That becomes reversed. On the other side of the event horizon, moving freely through space becomes impossible, while moving freely through time becomes possible. Since unrestricted spatial movement is impossible, you can never escape a black hole. For example, if Okabe jumped into a black hole, time for him would stretch to infinity. Since light cannot escape, human eyes cannot see the other side of the event horizon. Observing a black hole from the outside is impossible, so nothing about the inside can be proven. There is an exception, however. This exception is vital when you use a Kerr black hole for time travel.
Rintaro: Get to the point.
Kurisu: The Kerr black hole’s ring singularity. Since it’s spinning, it has angular momentum.
Itaru: Like I said, in Japanese please.
Kurisu: Didn’t I already explain how the core spins? Just think of that as having momentum. If you keep giving Mic-chan and Cro-chan electrons, they’ll rotate faster and faster. And when their angular momentum exceeds a certain threshold, the event horizon will disappear, and the singularity will become a naked singularity.
Itaru: N-naked? You mean the magical girl costumes expose a lot of skin, right? When does the anime adaptation air?
Rintaro: Naked, you mean it becomes observable.
Kurisu: When the event horizon disappears, there’s no more reason for time and space to change places. Meaning that you can enter a naked singularity without being trapped. And then the existence of the naked singularity allows the principle of causality to be violated and the general theory of relativity to fail. The laws of physics are broken!
Rintaro: C-can such a thing exist?
Kurisu: Nothing in principle stops Kerr black holes from existing. It seems inconsistent, but the math never lies. Since the principle of causality fails, it would be possible to travel to the past by entering a naked singularity. One thing I don’t understand is how they inject electrons into the singularity. Look. This is a picture of the LHC, but there’s strange equipment installed at the proton collision site. It looks like they call it a ’lifter’, but... just what is it?
Rintaro: Daru, have you heard of it?
Itaru: Lifter, lifter... I think I saw that in the Z Program files. Wanna google it? We’ve got hits!
Kurisu: That many? I guess it’s not a secret...
Rintaro: Could this be it? Ionocraft.
Kurisu: Ions are charged particles. The meaning matches.
Itaru: It’s floating...
Rintaro: That’s... an anti-gravity device!
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous. That would be the breakthrough of the century. It’s called an ionocraft, so it probably has something to do with electrodes and charged air...
Rintaro: SERN is using this lifter technology. It’s a vital component of their time machine. If they can manipulate a micro singularity’s mass and gravitational field, then these things really are anti-gravity devices!
Kurisu: Well, under those exact conditions, I guess you might not be entirely wrong. But it looks like SERN’s having trouble adjusting their lifter. They don’t have full control over the micro singularity’s gravity. So they can’t make a true naked singularity.