Rintaro: So SERN’s lifter is still incomplete... If we can complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change) first, then we’ll have outwitted SERN!
Kurisu: We don’t have half the equipment or funding SERN does. What makes you think you can solve a problem that they can’t? This isn’t that simple. SERN still hasn’t figured out how to set the subject’s destination in time or space. That should be evident by how scattered the jellyman discoveries were. We don’t even know if this is all of them. There could be jellymen buried underground or floating in space. Actually, I’m almost certain there are. There’s no point traveling through time if you end up in tens of thousands of kilometers away from the Earth. It’s not practical at all.
Rintaro: Titor said he had a ’variable gravity lock system’. He can use that to lock onto the Earth’s gravity and ensure he arrives somewhere on the planet’s surface.
Kurisu: Titor’s explanation on that point was vague. He mentioned having such a device, but he didn’t explain how it worked.
Itaru: But if you’re only moving through time, won’t you just arrive in the same location?
Kurisu: Of course not.
Itaru: Why not?
Rintaro: Because the Earth is always moving.
Kurisu: Right. Rotation and revolution. The Earth’s rotational velocity is about 1, 650 kilometers per hour. Its orbital velocity around the sun is about 114, 000 kilometers per hour. Meaning one hour ago, we were that far away from where we are now.
Itaru: Whoa! When you think about it like that, we’re earth-shatteringly fast!
Kurisu: And that’s not all. The Solar System is part of the Milky Way. And the Milky Way spins like a giant whirlpool. There are various theories, but basically the earth moves about 50 million kilometers a day.
Itaru: We’ve kinda gotten to a ludicrous scale.
Kurisu: By the way, the Milky Way is part of a large cluster of galaxies, which is itself part of an even larger supercluster. And these clusters and superclusters might be moving too. If that’s the case, we’re moving even more than 50 million kilometers a day. The point is that setting the destination would require insane calculations, even if you only want to travel one second into the past. Doing it by hand is impossible, and it might take years for a supercomputer to come up with a solution, just to get you to the same location.
Rintaro: Then we have no choice. We need to find Titor and borrow his variable gravity system.
Kurisu: Great idea. Go for it. I wonder how SERN is dealing with this problem...
Kurisu: Okabe. Thanks.