Kurisu: Do you even have a round table?
Rintaro: Not physically. However, it exists in the hearts of all lab mems. Am I mistaken?
Kurisu: Yes, you’re mistaken. Don’t go sticking things in people’s hearts.
Mayuri: Is there one in Mayushii too?
Rintaro: Of course there is.
Mayuri: Oh, that’s good. But what’s a roundable?
Itaru: And why a round table? You King Arthur?
Kurisu: I’m only a temporary lab mem anyway.
Rintaro: Anyway, it’s a Round Table Conference! Mayuri wasn’t here last night, so first, let’s explain the situation to her.
Mayuri: I told you you shouldn’t do bad things.
Rintaro: Hmph, ’bad’ you say? We are bad? Absurd. If we’re bad, then SERN is even worse. They aren’t satisfied with ruling the world. Now they want to get their hands on space-time itself!
Kurisu: I agree. What SERN is doing is unforgivable. They’re traitors to humanity, to society, and to science.
Mayuri: I guess...
Rintaro: Anyway, Ragnarok can no longer be averted. The final battle with SERN is near.
Mayuri: Rag in a rock?
Kurisu: Norse mythology again?
Rintaro: Christina! I ordered you to investigate SERN! What have you learned?
Kurisu: I don’t remember being ordered, but whatever. There are two problems SERN faces with time travel. First is the electron injection device, also known as a ’lifter’. Unless they get it to function properly, they can’t make the Kerr black hole singularites naked. If you send a test subject through the singularity in its current state, the supergravity compresses them to the micro level. Naturally, there’s no way to survive. The second problem is that they can’t specify a physical destination. They can’t choose where they end up after traveling to the past. That’s why I’d say the 14 found jellymen were the lucky ones. Over a hundred human experiments have been performed since 2001. The remaining 80 or so people ended up somewhere they can’t be found.
Mayuri: Why can’t they be found?
Itaru: Didn’t you know, Mayu-shi? The world is constantly moving. Its rotational speed is 1500 kph, and its orbital speed is 114, 000 kph--
Kurisu: SERN has been looking for solutions, but it’s not going well.
Rintaro: Now then. Have you learned anything that could help us complete the PhoneWave (name subject to change)?
Kurisu: Hmm... Well, I suppose you could call the LHC the world’s largest microwave oven.
Rintaro: Of course! In other words, the PhoneWave (name subject to change) is a miniature LHC!
Kurisu: You might be on to something there. However, there are too many things we don’t know about the PhoneWave. Why do the same phenomena that occur in SERN’s time machine also occur in that tiny little microwave? Unlike the LHC, this thing wasn’t made for time travel.
Mayuri: It was made to warm Mayushii’s chicken!
Kurisu: W-well, yeah.