Kurisu: I sent you an email. Didn’t you get it?
Rintaro: Stop screwing around! I’m the one who has to deal with Mister Braun!
Kurisu: But I gave you five days advance notice.
Itaru: Was he mad?
Rintaro: Yeah... I could feel his Killing Aura. Anyway, no more experiments today.
Kurisu: Well, at least we got some good data. I’m dead tired, and my hair’s dried out. I want to take a shower and go sleep.
Mayuri: If you want a shower, there’s one here. It doesn’t have a bath, though. Okarin always uses it.
Kurisu: It’s probably filthy...
Rintaro: I’d be lying if I called it clean. This entire building is in shambles.
Kurisu: Anyway, I refuse to use the same shower as Okabe.
Rintaro: I understand. Nobody will blame you if you don’t use it. Of course, since the three of us stayed up all night, we’re all pretty smelly. Heh heh heh.
Kurisu: That’s why I’m going back to my hotel once I finish eating.
Rintaro: Celebrity bath time at a high class hotel? I want to come too.
Kurisu: Not a chance.
Mayuri: Mayushii wants to come too!
Kurisu: You can come any time, Mayuri-san.
Mayuri: Really? Thank you♪ Hey, Okarin, I’ve been wondering, but why do you drink soda while you eat? Does it make it taste better?
Rintaro: I don’t really see a problem.
Itaru: Me neither.
Kurisu: Same. I didn’t give it a second thought.
Mayuri: Ehh?
Rintaro: You’re acting weird, Mayuri. It’s normal to drink soda while eating.
Itaru: It’s normal, duh.
Kurisu: No objections.
Mayuri: No way! You guys are the weird ones!
Rintaro: Now, let’s discuss Operation Urd’s progress.
Itaru: Operation Urd?
Rintaro: Oh, right. Thanks to a certain assistant, I didn’t get a chance to present the operation’s codename yesterday. Heed me! These D-Mail experiments are all part of Operation Ur--
Kurisu: The experiments have been fruitful. At the very least, we’ve learned what we can do with D-Mail. That about sums it up. Anything to add?
Rintaro: A D-Mail can be at most 36 English characters or 18 Japanese characters long. That makes experimentation difficult, so we’ll want to improve that first.
Itaru: But we figured out how to control when it arrives. That’s pretty good, right?
Kurisu: Observation isn’t enough. We need to find the underlying principle. What I’ve written here is nothing but verified phenomena.