Rintaro: Continue, Christina.
Kurisu: While the data is being compressed, we use the PhoneWave to generate a Kerr ring singularity. When the electron discharge phenomenon occurs, we take the 36-byte data, patch it in... And send it to the past. This part is just like a D-Mail. The data travels to the specified time, where it arrives at the recipient’s phone. By now, 23 milliseconds should have passed, so the data will be fully decompressed. Next, the decoding program runs, converting the data back into nerve impulse signals. These signals are discharged from the phone’s earpiece at approximately 0. 02 amperes, a pretty weak charge. If the recipient has the phone to his ear, they should go straight into his brain.
Rintaro: Assuming he answers his phone.
Kurisu: If he doesn’t, the transfer fails. Fortunately, we lose nothing but that copy of the memory data.
Rintaro: Why a phone call instead of an email?
Kurisu: Because we need the recipient to put the phone to his ear. Otherwise the signals won’t reach his temporal lobe. In this area you have the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain. As I explained before, the hippocampus, where memories are stored, is inside the temporal lobe. The phone sends out electrical impulses that pass through the temporal lobe and into the hippocampus, overwriting the recipient’s memories. At the same time, the phone sends impulses that stimulate the frontal lobe as well. This is important. Remember that the frontal lobe is responsible for sending retrieval signals to the temporal lobe. This is how you remember things. By stimulating the frontal lobe, we force it to send retrieval signals keyed to the new memory data. Thus, the recipient recalls all of those memories as if they were his own. Which, of course, they are, or will be in the future. This happens in less than a second. Now the recipient has the same memories as the sender. The time leap is complete. If the data came from one week in the future, the recipient will ’remember’ that week as if he experienced it firsthand. We need to be aware that consciousness and personality aren’t transferred. Both of those depend on the recipient.
Itaru: Explain it with boobs.
Kurisu: B-boobs!?
Rintaro: Let’s say we send your memories to you in grade school. Right now, you’re some kind of omnisexual pervert who thinks inanimate objects are hot. But in elementary school, you were still an innocent child.
Itaru: I was a boring little bastard who did nothing but study, what of it?
Rintaro: Basically, that little bastard would suddenly have all your perverted memories, but his personality wouldn’t change. It’s not like you’ll become that famous anime detective with ’the looks of a child and the brains of an adult’.
Itaru: What? That sucks.
Kurisu: Ahem. Um, since you need a phone to receive the signal, you can only send memories to the times you had one. We also need to make sure that the sender and recipient are the same person. If someone besides your past self -- your parents, or a friend, for instance -- answers the phone, then the nerve impulse signals will be projected into their brain instead. If that happens, your memories could overwrite theirs, which could obviously cause serious damage to their psyche.