Kurisu: It’s too much for us to handle, that’s for sure. The safest thing would be to hand it over to the government for professional research.
Itaru: It just doesn’t feel real.
Mayuri: Mayushii doesn’t get it...
Itaru: That’s ’cause you didn’t work on it, Mayu-shi.
Mayuri: Oh, right. Ehehe!
Kurisu: What about you, Okabe? And I mean you, not Hououin Kyouma.
Rintaro: I want to experiment. But there are still questions we need to answer. ...Who will time leap?
Kurisu: ...It’s hard to choose.
Itaru: I’ll pass.
Mayuri: ...?
Kurisu: It’s not like SERN’s time machine. The possibility of becoming a jellyman is zero. This machine sends data, not the real thing. Don’t let your preconceptions influence your decision. You might say it’s like a cut-and-paste of your brain. Actually, it’s more like a copy-paste. And it’s just your memories. The original doesn’t get erased.
Rintaro: What if there’s an error somewhere, and the data itself gets fractalized? Let’s say I send my memories an hour into the past. My memories would be replaced by fractalized data. In other words, data full of tiny holes. Couldn’t that cause memory loss?
Kurisu: ...I suppose.
Rintaro: One hour later, we arrive once again at the present. At that time, the me who lost his memories an hour ago and the current me conflict in my brain. Which data set survives?
Kurisu: ...Logically, the present should change as soon as you send your memories to the past.
Rintaro: So then it’s not a copy-paste at all, is it?
Kurisu: I don’t know. No one’s ever experienced time travel before.
Rintaro: When we send a D-Mail, the world is reconstructed based on the change we made to the past.
Kurisu: We don’t know what happens when you time leap. If it’s the many-worlds interpretation like Titor said, then the instant you time leap, it creates two possibilities -- one where you shift to another worldline, and one where you travel back in time on the same worldline. Of course, there must also be a worldline where the current you doesn’t disappear. That would likely correspond to the present that we are experiencing right now.
Mayuri: ???
Rintaro: I thought you didn’t believe what Titor had to say.
Kurisu: I’m talking hypothetically. Titor doesn’t matter right now. If it’s the Copenhagen interpretation, then every possible state propagates through space as a wave function. When a particular state is observed, the remaining states collapse and that state is fixed.
Rintaro: The problem is who the observer is in this case.
Itaru: Wouldn’t it be a third party? Like me, or Mayu-shi.
Mayuri: ...?
Rintaro: Not necessarily. It might be me. It might be someone else. It could even be God. In the end, we arrive at the question of ’where is the self?’
Kurisu: This Time Leap Machine only sends memories. That, I guarantee.