Rintaro: ...What?
Kurisu: It doesn’t mean anything, okay!?
Rintaro: You want your own fork?
Kurisu: I already have my own spoon... wait, that doesn’t matter! Everything’s ready! Now get out of here! Be careful. And remember... I’m always on your side.
Mayuri: Okarin, Okarin! Can you come here? Can you hold this for me? Spread it out like ’fwapp!’
Itaru: Mayu-shi, say ’fwapp’ again.
Mayuri: Fwapp!
Itaru: I got a fwapp!
Kurisu: Stop it, perv.
Mayuri: Hmm... Okay! Thanks. All done♪ I finished before Chris-chan! We were racing.
Kurisu: You win, Mayuri. Congratulations. But I’m finished too. Complete.
Rintaro: We’re not experimenting.
Kurisu: Eh!? I just finished and you’re already shutting it down? What I have been doing these past three days?
Rintaro: Time leaping presents a host of problems. I want to consider them all carefully.
Kurisu: H-huh. That’s... an unusually respectable opinion, coming from you.
Mayuri: Problems? I thought it was done?
Rintaro: I’ll explain later. Everyone’s tired, so let’s go home.
Itaru: We’re not going to have a party to celebrate?
Rintaro: We’ll do that another day.
Kurisu: What?
Rintaro: Are you upset?
Kurisu: ...Yeah.
Rintaro: I came from five hours in the future. Is that supposed to be funny?
Rintaro: D-don’t glare like that! This isn’t right! You’re supposed to believe me!
Kurisu: What made you think I’d believe something like that!?
Rintaro: You told me so! Five hours from now, okay!?
Kurisu: Don’t be ridiculous. I would never make such a baseless projection.
Rintaro: When I told you about my time leap, you said, ’I took it as proof that my theories were right. I didn’t doubt it was true for a second.’ ’Don’t forget. It was my mad skillz that turned the PhoneWave into a time leap machine.’
Kurisu: I don’t talk like that!
Rintaro: What you want most right now is your own fork!
Kurisu: Wha--
Rintaro: You already have your own spoon, apparently.
Kurisu: S-she said that? I’m gonna kill myself five hours from now... It feels like someone peeked into my heart. And that someone is Okabe, of all people. But I think I believe you. Tell me the details. I see... If what you say is true, then we have a serious problem. Future me said that the chronology protection conjecture holds, but I don’t think that’s quite right. That conjecture says that according to quantum theory, time travel is impossible due to the danger of disrupting causality. But when you time leap, there’s no chance of a time paradox occurring.
Rintaro: So I was right. The universe itself is censoring me, correcting any changes I try to make.
Kurisu: If that’s true, then time leaping can’t save Mayuri. Nothing you do will change the result.
Rintaro: ...I can’t accept that.
Kurisu: Neither can I. The world is trying to kill Mayuri? As a scientist, I refuse to believe such nonsense.
Rintaro: What about the many-worlds interpretation? I just need to observe the world where Mayuri doesn’t die.
Kurisu: The many-worlds interpretation... That might have something to do with how Mayuri’s means of death keeps changing.