Kurisu: Hey, Okabe, remember the lifter? I don’t suppose you’ve figured out what it is... no, of course you haven’t.
Rintaro: I already know. It’s the 42-inch CRT downstairs.
Kurisu: R-really? What’s your proof?
Rintaro: I’ve been here before, remember?
Kurisu: ...Oh, right. The CRT... I see...
Mayuri: I’m sorry, guys. I made things worse...
Kurisu: Hello.
Rintaro: Assistant? It’s me.
Kurisu: Oh, I think you got the wrong number.
Rintaro: What are you saying? It’s me, Hououin Kyouma.
Kurisu: My name isn’t Assistant. And your name isn’t Hououin Kyouma.
Rintaro: Would you prefer to be called ’KuriGohan and Kamehameha’?
Kurisu: Bwah!? How do you know about that!?
Rintaro: Before I time leaped, you made a tearful confession. You said, ’I’m an @channeler, a Nicojunkie, and a camwhore who posts tits, but will you still accept me as your assistant?’ And I, of course, replied... ’You may be an @channeler, a Nicojunkie, and a camwhore who posts tits, but you’re still a member of this lab. And that makes you my assistant, now and forever. So wipe your tears, for there is still much--’
Kurisu: I’m gonna post your personal info all over VIP if you don’t shut your mouth right this second!
Rintaro: ...How are things there?
Kurisu: Fine. You called at the right time. We need to talk.
Rintaro: I’ll be right there.
Kurisu: OK. I’ll be waiting. For your information, I don’t post t...ti... I don’t post pictures of my chest, okay!?
Rintaro: It was just a joke. Let it die.
Suzuha: Kurigohan and Kamehameha... so you’re the one who kept picking fights with me on the internet. Makes sense.
Kurisu: I thought you wanted an open discussion.
Suzuha: Sure. You were kind of annoying, though.
Kurisu: Hehehe...
Suzuha: Ahaha!
Rintaro: By the way, it may shock you to learn that I am the poster known as Hououin Kyou--
Kurisu & Suzuha: I know.
Rintaro: So, what did you want to talk about? The Time Leap Machine?
Kurisu: I think you probably forgot, so I wanted to make sure just in case. Have you been looking for the lifter? You haven’t, have you?
Rintaro: I already know. It’s the 42-inch CRT downstairs.
Kurisu: R-really? What’s your proof?
Rintaro: I’ve been here before, remember?
Kurisu: I see...
Rintaro: ...Sorry for sticking you with this job.
Kurisu: What? Don’t apologize. It’s creepy.
Rintaro: I know you’re not a fan of time travel research. But here you are building a time machine. I was just worried that maybe you were feeling conflicted.
Kurisu: How rude. I’m sure I’ve said this before, but I’ve always accepted time travel as a theory. I just don’t trust people who claim it can be done despite how unrealistic it is. Besides, I can hardly deny it with evidence staring me in the face. Though I still don’t like the idea of being called the mother of the time machine. Anyway. If you’re apologizing, that must mean you helped out the first time.