Kurisu: Stop! Stop!
Itaru: Don’t shoot meeeee!
Rintaro: Guh! Ah, aahhh...
Attacker A: Target A, Target C secured.
Kurisu: Run, Okabe! Run!
Rintaro: Ah! Mayu--
Mayuri: Okarin? You want a banana too?
Rintaro: Kurisu, come with me a second.
Kurisu: What is it? You don’t normally say my name normally. That came out weird.
Rintaro: Please... help me.
Kurisu: ...Now this is a shock. I never thought I’d hear those words from you. Do you have a fever?
Rintaro: No jokes. I seriously need your help.
Kurisu: You time leaped, didn’t you?
Rintaro: How much do you know?
Kurisu: How much do I know about what?
Rintaro: How about Suzuha being John Titor?
Kurisu: Eh!? It never even occurred to me. Have you finished the Time Leap Machine?
Kurisu: What are you talking about? I finished it yesterday after an all-nighter, remember? When did you leap from?
Rintaro: 8 PM tonight.
Kurisu: Hmmm... So basically, you win if you get the IBN 5100 back. This is just a guess... But maybe you should look at what Amane-san said from the opposite angle. I think the critical change takes place when you get the IBN 5100 and erase the data in SERN’s database. That instant is most likely when you’ll achieve divergence over 1%.
Rintaro: The problem is where the IBN 5100 is now.
Kurisu: You’ve already found it once. That is, if your memories are real. If you can get back to the worldline where you first obtained it, then isn’t it bound to return to you?
Rintaro: I see... You’re right. The IBN 5100 was at the lab, and then it suddenly disappeared.
Kurisu: You threw a fit about that earlier. I remember thinking, ’Oh god, Okabe’s finally lost his ability to distinguish fantasy from reality.’
Rintaro: You’re such a wannabe American. What do you mean, ’oh god’? Oh, I get it. Chris-chan is a Chris-tian.
Kurisu: That’s terrible.
Rintaro: ...I regret it too. So, Christina... let me see if I understand what you’re saying. The changes we made to the worldline -- namely, all of the D-Mails we’ve sent -- must be reversed. That will return us to the worldline where I found the IBN 5100 at Yanabayashi Shrine.
Kurisu: It’s still a hypothesis. I only came to that conclusion based on your explanation. If you’re mistaking your facts, deceiving me, or shooting off delusions, then this hypothesis will fail. You can’t just blindly follow this hypothesis either. You may have a safety net, but if you get careless and leave yourself without a way out... Then you’ll never get another chance to save Mayuri.
Kurisu: Why did the IBN 5100 disappear? Which of the D-Mails caused its disappearance? Figure that out, and you’re well on your way to finding the solution.
Rintaro: What I don’t understand is how we delayed the timing of Mayuri’s death exactly 24 hours.
Kurisu: True, that is interesting. Maybe it’s related to the change in divergence. It could be the Butterfly Effect. If that’s the case, any trivial change could produce a significantly deviant result.