Kurisu: This seems serious.
Rintaro: Yes. I have a difficult problem that requires... delicacy to resolve.
Kurisu: Delicacy? That’s like the exact opposite of what anyone expects from you.
Rintaro: That’s why I want to ask a girl. Plus, you’re my assistant, so I need you to save my ass this instant.
Kurisu: Oh, you. Why do you need to ask a girl anyway? Urushibara-san is actually a guy? That’s totally ridiculous.
Rintaro: But it’s the truth. Was the truth.
Kurisu: So basically, umm... She looked like Hashida?
Rintaro & Kurisu: Ugh.
Kurisu: Unacceptable! There’s no way such a cute girl was a guy.
Rintaro: Hey, hold your horses. I never said that Lukako looked like a guy. He actually looked pretty much the same. He was always androgynous, so much you couldn’t help but think he was secreting excess female hormones or something.
Kurisu: He looked like she does now? Acceptable. Anyway. You want to turn her back into a guy?
Rintaro: Unless we do, Mayuri dies.
Kurisu: Mayuri’s life is tied to Urushibara-san’s gender... That’s so crazy it doesn’t seem real at all. Have you come up with a solution?
Rintaro: Of course. I’ll have Lukako turn back into a guy.
Kurisu: I don’t know if she’s going to appreciate that.
Rintaro: That’s why I’m consulting you, so I can find a way to do this while hurting her the least. ...If only I hadn’t been so careless. I shouldn’t have let so many people send D-Mails.
Kurisu: Regret won’t change anything. There’s only one piece of advice I can give. Don’t say anything to Urushibara-san.
Rintaro: What do you mean?
Kurisu: Based on what you’ve told me, you have the advantage this time. You already know the contents of the D-Mail. So you don’t have to tell her -- him? Ex-him? ...You don’t have to tell Urushibara-san. Just send the cancellation D-Mail.
Rintaro: You mean pose as Lukako and send the mail to her mother myself?
Kurisu: If the worldline changes, then that will all be undone. In which case, ethical concerns don’t really matter.
Rintaro: Just one problem. I don’t know her mother’s pager number.
Kurisu: What!? Are you an idiot!? Why didn’t you write it down!?
Rintaro: I didn’t think I would need it!
Kurisu: What if you just ask for the pager number directly? Think up a good excuse.
Rintaro: That’s going to look suspicious...
Kurisu: What are you so scared of? That’s not the vain and arrogant Okabe I know. Just make up some nonsense like you always do. I mean, you know how gullible she is, right? ...Wow, I hate myself for saying that. I’m a bad girl.
Rintaro: Maybe I should just tell her the truth. Sincerity will work better than underhanded tricks... I think.
Kurisu: A mad scientist, sincere? That’s a good one. It’s more like you to say ’I’ll brainwash her, muhahaha!’.