Kurisu: Stop staring. You’re distracting me. How many times do I have to tell you?
Rintaro: Genius neuroscientist, I need to talk to you.
Kurisu: Make it short.
Rintaro: I want you to come with me to Yanabayashi Shrine.
Kurisu: Tell me why. If it’s a date or something, then I refuse.
Rintaro: H-Hououin Kyouma does not go on dates. Much less with his assistant. Ridiculous.
Rintaro: S-so... I need you to explain the differences between the male brain and the female brain.
Kurisu: What.
Luka: Okabe-san... and Makise-san. Did you come to pray?
Kurisu: A-ahem. Actually, we have something to talk to you about, Urushibara-san.
Luka: What might that be?
Kurisu: Did you know? Male and female brains are very different.
Luka: What...?
Kurisu: Male brains are right-dominant. Female brains are left-dominant.
Luka: Y-yeah...?
Kurisu: By the way, the right brain handles image processing, spacial processing, and comprehensive judgment. The left brain handles things like language, and calculation. The right and left brains are connected by the corpus callosum, which is more developed in females. You know how people say that girls are better at multitasking? That can be explained by the development of the corpus callosum.
Luka: Uh... what...?
Kurisu: Actually, these theories are kinda fringe. They’re not really that credible. So if you don’t mind, I’d like to do an experiment.
Luka: A-an experiment?
Kurisu: I want to try mapping your brain patterns to see if they’re more female or male.
Luka: What is mapping...?
Kurisu: Brainwave mapping. We just take a sample of your brainwaves. Anyway, you’ll understand if you try it. Okay? Okay? It won’t hurt a bit.
Luka: N-no thanks...
Kurisu: It’ll be okay, I promise. It won’t hurt a bit. Just come to the lab and we’ll--
Rintaro: What kind of perverted old man are you!?
Kurisu: Fwahn! Wh-what!?
Rintaro: Don’t you what me! What did we come here for!? What are you going to do if you scare Lukako away!?
Kurisu: I’m just treating her like a valuable test sub--
Rintaro: Go back to the lab, you experiment-loving girl!
Kurisu: Yeah, okay. So that’s the thanks I get for going out of my way to help you. I’m gone. You’re on your own now.