Kurisu: Well? Did you agree to go out with her? Well, I can kind of guess based on Urushibara-san’s reaction.
Rintaro: Wait, you saw that!?
Kurisu: You told me to watch, didn’t you?
Rintaro: ...We’re going on a date tomorrow.
Kurisu: Yeah? Our insane mad scientist is dating a high school girl. That’s not insane at all.
Rintaro: Gh... What was that for!?
Kurisu: Sorry. I didn’t mean to be snippy. I’m just a little irritated. You made this choice to save Mayuri. So I’ll change my way of thinking too. Anyway, do you have any plans for your date tomorrow? Well, do you?
Rintaro: ...I have only one thing to say, assistant mine. I am the great Hououin Kyouma, a mad scientist with an IQ rivaling that of Isaac Newton himself!
Kurisu: And?
Rintaro: Naturally, as a mad scientist, I have no interest in this thing mortals call love. My incredible brain is devoted to the destruction of the System that controls the world, and the birth of a new age of chaos!
Kurisu: You’re obviously a virgin, thank you ver--
Kurisu: ...Hah!? ...P-pretend you didn’t just hear that.
Rintaro: Damn you, assistant! How dare you point out the truth so bluntly! I won’t forget this insult!
Kurisu: S-sorry...
Rintaro: And what about you!? Your experience must be vast indeed if you think you can lecture me about it!
Kurisu: Ugh...
Rintaro: That’s what I thought! You spend all your time on research, so you’ve got zero experience, don’t you!? You must’ve been awfully lonely in America, huh!?
Kurisu: Shut up! What’s wrong with being a virgin!?
Kurisu: ...Hah!? Ah... awhawha...
Rintaro: The genius girl who cried ’virgin’ at the center of Akiba...
Kurisu: L-let’s get out of here! What’s important for a first date is to make a good impression. An unclean appearance is out of the question. A haircut is especially important. Long hair looks dirty, so it’s no good. For clothes, you should wear something exactly the right size. Though it may be trendy, especially in Akiba, for young men to wear baggy clothes, it looks sloppy, so it’s not good. On the first date, conversation tends to break due to mutual nervousness. What’s important is to play ’conversation catch’. One-sided conversations aren’t fun for the other side. Girls especially like to talk, so the guy should try to keep the conversation going. Not just by listening. Throwing in appropriate responses is also necessary. Responsiveness gives the girl the impression that you’re really listening to her. Basically, you need to be the opposite of yourself. Anyway, focus on acting normal for now. No more of that idiotic laughter. You’re too heavy-handed with girls. You talk too pompously. You fire off nonsensical delusions.
Rintaro: Hey! You’re just reading out of a dating manual, so you’ve got no right to look down on me, you American virgin!
Kurisu: Who are you calling an American virgin?
Rintaro: Who else but you?
Kurisu: Yeah, sure thing, virgin. There’s a saying. ’A fortress is judged by how many attacks it repulses; a soldier is judged by how many fortresses he takes.’